dutch_allwords.test.0 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.1 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.2 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3 dat_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.5 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.6 blinken
dutch_allwords.test.7 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.9 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.11 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.12 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.14 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.16 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.19 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.20 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.21 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.22 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.23 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.24 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.25 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.26 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.27 kostbaar
dutch_allwords.test.28 kind
dutch_allwords.test.29 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.30 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.31 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.32 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.33 vast_en_zeker
dutch_allwords.test.34 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.35 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.36 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.37 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.38 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.39 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.40 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.41 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.42 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.43 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.44 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.45 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.46 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.47 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.48 deftig
dutch_allwords.test.49 banket_maaltijd
dutch_allwords.test.50 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.51 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.52 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.53 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.54 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.55 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.56 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.57 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.58 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.59 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.60 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.61 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.62 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.63 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.64 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.65 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.66 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.67 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.68 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.69 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.70 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.71 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.72 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.73 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.74 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.75 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.76 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.77 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.78 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.79 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.80 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.81 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.82 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.83 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.84 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.85 moeten
dutch_allwords.test.86 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.87 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.88 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.89 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.90 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.91 doen_
dutch_allwords.test.92 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.93 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.94 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.95 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.96 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.97 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.98 kind
dutch_allwords.test.99 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.100 buurt_huizengroep
dutch_allwords.test.101 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.102 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.103 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.104 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.105 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.106 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.107 hechting
dutch_allwords.test.108 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.109 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.110 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.111 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.112 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.113 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.114 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.115 kostbaar
dutch_allwords.test.116 kind
dutch_allwords.test.117 jammeren
dutch_allwords.test.118 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.119 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.120 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.121 voorzichtig
dutch_allwords.test.122 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.123 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.124 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.125 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.126 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.127 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.128 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.129 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.130 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.131 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.132 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.133 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.134 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.135 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.136 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.137 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.138 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.139 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.140 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.141 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.142 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.143 deftig
dutch_allwords.test.144 banket_maaltijd
dutch_allwords.test.145 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.146 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.147 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.148 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.149 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.150 roekeloos
dutch_allwords.test.151 beweren
dutch_allwords.test.152 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.153 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.154 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.155 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.156 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.157 russisch
dutch_allwords.test.158 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.159 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.160 stuur_N
dutch_allwords.test.161 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.162 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.163 rijden
dutch_allwords.test.164 fiets_N
dutch_allwords.test.165 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.166 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.167 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.168 hechting
dutch_allwords.test.169 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.170 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.171 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.172 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.173 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.174 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.175 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.176 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.177 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.178 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.179 hechting
dutch_allwords.test.180 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.181 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.182 oud_leeftijd
dutch_allwords.test.183 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.184 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.185 voorzichtig
dutch_allwords.test.186 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.187 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.188 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.189 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.190 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.191 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.192 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.193 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.194 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.195 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.196 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.197 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.198 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.199 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.200 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.201 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.202 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.203 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.204 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.205 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.206 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.207 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.208 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.209 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.210 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.211 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.212 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.213 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.214 roekeloos
dutch_allwords.test.215 weglopen
dutch_allwords.test.216 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.217 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.218 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.219 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.220 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.221 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.222 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.223 verstoppen_verbergen
dutch_allwords.test.224 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.225 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.226 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.227 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.228 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.229 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.230 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.231 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.232 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.233 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.234 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.235 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.236 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.237 beslist_stellig
dutch_allwords.test.238 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.239 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.240 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.241 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.242 sturen_zenden
dutch_allwords.test.243 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.244 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.245 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.246 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.247 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.248 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.249 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.250 vroeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.251 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.252 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.253 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.254 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.255 behoorlijk_tamelijk
dutch_allwords.test.256 kwaad_adj
dutch_allwords.test.257 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.258 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.259 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.260 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.261 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.262 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.263 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.264 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.265 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.266 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.267 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.268 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.269 gedragen_handelen
dutch_allwords.test.270 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.271 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.272 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.273 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.274 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.275 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.276 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.277 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.278 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.279 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.280 verdriet_N
dutch_allwords.test.281 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.282 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.283 spijten
dutch_allwords.test.284 mij
dutch_allwords.test.285 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.286 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.287 liegen
dutch_allwords.test.288 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.289 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.290 beweren
dutch_allwords.test.291 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.292 vanaf_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.293 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.294 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.295 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.296 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.297 duiken_zee
dutch_allwords.test.298 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.299 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.300 schoenveter
dutch_allwords.test.301 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.302 boven
dutch_allwords.test.303 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.304 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.305 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.306 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.307 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.308 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.309 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.310 lood
dutch_allwords.test.311 schoen
dutch_allwords.test.312 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.313 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.314 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.315 slap_strak
dutch_allwords.test.316 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.317 zwaard
dutch_allwords.test.318 stekelvarken
dutch_allwords.test.319 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.320 best_adv
dutch_allwords.test.321 kooi_hok
dutch_allwords.test.322 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.323 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.324 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.325 durven
dutch_allwords.test.326 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.327 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.328 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.329 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.330 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.331 sigaar
dutch_allwords.test.332 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.333 roken_sigaret
dutch_allwords.test.334 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.335 misselijk_onpasselijk
dutch_allwords.test.336 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.337 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.338 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.339 week_7_dagen
dutch_allwords.test.340 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.341 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.342 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.343 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.344 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.345 tenminste_althans
dutch_allwords.test.346 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.347 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.348 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.349 been
dutch_allwords.test.350 blauw_oog
dutch_allwords.test.351 /blauwe_oog
dutch_allwords.test.352 kneuzen
dutch_allwords.test.353 rib
dutch_allwords.test.354 hechting
dutch_allwords.test.355 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.356 vinger
dutch_allwords.test.357 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.358 blauwe_plek
dutch_allwords.test.359 blauwe_plek
dutch_allwords.test.360 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.361 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.362 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.363 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.364 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.365 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.366 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.367 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.368 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.369 komen
dutch_allwords.test.370 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.371 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.372 bepaald_adj
dutch_allwords.test.373 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.374 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.375 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.376 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.377 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.378 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.379 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.380 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.381 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.382 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.383 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.384 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.385 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.386 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.387 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.388 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.389 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.390 beetje_N
dutch_allwords.test.391 brommen_mopperen
dutch_allwords.test.392 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.393 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.394 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.395 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.396 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.397 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.398 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.399 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.400 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.401 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.402 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.403 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.404 in_de_watten_leggen
dutch_allwords.test.405 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.406 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.407 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.408 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.409 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.410 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.411 deftig
dutch_allwords.test.412 banket_maaltijd
dutch_allwords.test.413 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.414 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.415 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.416 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.417 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.418 geen_sprake_van
dutch_allwords.test.419 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.420 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.421 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.422 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.423 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.424 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.425 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.426 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.427 juichen
dutch_allwords.test.428 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.429 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.430 beter_hersteld
dutch_allwords.test.431 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.432 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.433 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.434 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.435 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.436 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.437 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.438 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.439 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.440 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.441 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.442 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.443 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.444 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.445 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.446 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.447 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.448 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.449 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.450 opgewekt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.451 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.452 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.453 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.454 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.455 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.456 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.457 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.458 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.459 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.460 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.461 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.462 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.463 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.464 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.465 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.466 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.467 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.468 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.469 negentig
dutch_allwords.test.470 meter_100cm
dutch_allwords.test.471 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.472 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.473 kiezen_V
dutch_allwords.test.474 rook_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.475 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.476 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.477 komen
dutch_allwords.test.478 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.479 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.480 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.481 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.482 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.483 sidderen
dutch_allwords.test.484 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.485 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.486 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.487 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.488 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.489 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.490 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.491 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.492 bijten_tanden
dutch_allwords.test.493 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.494 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.495 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.496 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.497 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.498 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.499 beslissen
dutch_allwords.test.500 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.501 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.502 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.503 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.504 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.505 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.506 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.507 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.508 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.509 lieverd
dutch_allwords.test.510 wijd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.511 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.512 intrekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.513 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.514 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.515 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.516 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.517 bijdragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.518 schoppen_V
dutch_allwords.test.519 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.520 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.521 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.522 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.523 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.524 uitbroeden
dutch_allwords.test.525 sjokken
dutch_allwords.test.526 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.527 langs_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.528 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.529 geur_N
dutch_allwords.test.530 verspreiden
dutch_allwords.test.531 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.532 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.533 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.534 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.535 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.536 omdraaien_iets
dutch_allwords.test.537 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.538 afbuigen
dutch_allwords.test.539 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.540 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.541 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.542 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.543 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.544 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.545 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.546 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.547 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.548 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.549 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.550 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.551 vleermuis
dutch_allwords.test.552 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.553 koken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.554 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.555 krassen_V
dutch_allwords.test.556 onder_tijdens
dutch_allwords.test.557 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.558 roeren_V
dutch_allwords.test.559 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.560 koken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.561 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.562 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.563 roeren_V
dutch_allwords.test.564 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.565 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.566 proeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.567 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.568 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.569 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.570 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.571 vellen_neerslaan
dutch_allwords.test.572 villen
dutch_allwords.test.573 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.574 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.575 beuken_V
dutch_allwords.test.576 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.577 bikken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.578 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.579 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.580 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.581 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.582 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.583 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.584 lieflijk
dutch_allwords.test.585 kakelen_kwebbelen
dutch_allwords.test.586 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.587 kennen_weten
dutch_allwords.test.588 soort_varieteit
dutch_allwords.test.589 verschrikking
dutch_allwords.test.590 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.591 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.592 blik_kijken
dutch_allwords.test.593 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.594 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.595 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.596 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.597 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.598 vast_stevig
dutch_allwords.test.599 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.600 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.601 been
dutch_allwords.test.602 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.603 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.604 voorspellen
dutch_allwords.test.605 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.606 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.607 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.608 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.609 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.610 zeldzaam
dutch_allwords.test.611 luis_N
dutch_allwords.test.612 kraaien_plezier
dutch_allwords.test.613 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.614 komen
dutch_allwords.test.615 mal_adj
dutch_allwords.test.616 maf_adj
dutch_allwords.test.617 dol_gek
dutch_allwords.test.618 zot
dutch_allwords.test.619 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.620 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.621 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.622 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.623 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.624 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.625 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.626 lijden_pijn
dutch_allwords.test.627 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.628 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.629 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.630 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.631 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.632 ook_al
dutch_allwords.test.633 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.634 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.635 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.636 kroon_koning
dutch_allwords.test.637 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.638 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.639 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.640 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.641 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.642 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.643 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.644 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.645 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.646 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.647 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.648 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.649 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.650 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.651 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.652 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.653 vreugde
dutch_allwords.test.654 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.655 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.656 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.657 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.658 zeis
dutch_allwords.test.659 zeis
dutch_allwords.test.660 ruisen
dutch_allwords.test.661 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.662 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.663 ik
dutch_allwords.test.664 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.665 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.666 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.667 ander
dutch_allwords.test.668 ander
dutch_allwords.test.669 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.670 van_pas_komen
dutch_allwords.test.671 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.672 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.673 van_pas_komen
dutch_allwords.test.674 snauwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.675 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.676 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.677 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.678 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.679 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.680 buidel_geld
dutch_allwords.test.681 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.682 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.683 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.684 een_kolfje_naar_zijn_hand
dutch_allwords.test.685 een_kolfje_naar_zijn_hand
dutch_allwords.test.686 een_kolfje_naar_zijn_hand
dutch_allwords.test.687 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.688 tand_mond
dutch_allwords.test.689 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.690 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.691 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.692 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.693 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.694 flauw_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.695 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.696 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.697 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.698 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.699 maal_maaltijd
dutch_allwords.test.700 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.701 gloeiend_warm
dutch_allwords.test.702 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.703 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.704 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.705 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.706 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.707 ook_waar
dutch_allwords.test.708 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.709 vluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.710 elk
dutch_allwords.test.711 levend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.712 ziel_geest
dutch_allwords.test.713 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.714 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.715 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.716 in_zijn_schik_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.717 in_zijn_schik_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.718 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.719 schrik_N
dutch_allwords.test.720 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.721 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.722 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.723 regendruppel
dutch_allwords.test.724 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.725 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.726 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.727 heet_warm
dutch_allwords.test.728 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.729 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.730 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.731 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.732 bliksem_N
dutch_allwords.test.733 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.734 donder_N
dutch_allwords.test.735 grommen
dutch_allwords.test.736 donder_N
dutch_allwords.test.737 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.738 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.739 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.740 zak_N
dutch_allwords.test.741 bliksem_N
dutch_allwords.test.742 slingeren_gooien
dutch_allwords.test.743 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.744 fel_hevig
dutch_allwords.test.745 straal_licht
dutch_allwords.test.746 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.747 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.748 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.749 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.750 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.751 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.752 mond_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.753 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.754 slikken_keel
dutch_allwords.test.755 boeren_oprispen
dutch_allwords.test.756 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.757 rook_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.758 grijnzen
dutch_allwords.test.759 bliksem_N
dutch_allwords.test.760 donder_N
dutch_allwords.test.761 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.762 afdruipen_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.763 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.764 opgewekt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.765 stappen_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.766 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.767 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.768 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.769 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.770 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.771 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.772 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.773 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.774 nagelen
dutch_allwords.test.775 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.776 mijden
dutch_allwords.test.777 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.778 hechten_gehecht_aan
dutch_allwords.test.779 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.780 lid_ledemaat
dutch_allwords.test.781 keren_V
dutch_allwords.test.782 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.783 schrede
dutch_allwords.test.784 schrijden
dutch_allwords.test.785 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.786 straal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.787 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.788 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.789 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.790 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.791 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.792 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.793 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.794 versperren
dutch_allwords.test.795 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.796 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.797 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.798 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.799 draak_monster
dutch_allwords.test.800 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.801 grijnzen
dutch_allwords.test.802 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.803 draak_monster
dutch_allwords.test.804 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.805 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.806 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.807 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.808 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.809 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.810 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.811 in_een_deuk_liggen
dutch_allwords.test.812 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.813 in_een_deuk_liggen
dutch_allwords.test.814 in_een_deuk_liggen
dutch_allwords.test.815 prikkelbaar
dutch_allwords.test.816 draak_monster
dutch_allwords.test.817 van_plan_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.818 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.819 van_plan_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.820 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.821 scheiden_uitelkaar
dutch_allwords.test.822 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.823 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.824 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.825 treffen_raken
dutch_allwords.test.826 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.827 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.828 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.829 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.830 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.831 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.832 draak_monster
dutch_allwords.test.833 dreunen_V
dutch_allwords.test.834 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.835 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.836 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.837 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.838 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.839 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.840 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.841 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.842 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.843 langs_evenwijdig
dutch_allwords.test.844 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.845 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.846 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.847 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.848 dromen_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.849 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.850 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.851 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.852 kind
dutch_allwords.test.853 dartelen
dutch_allwords.test.854 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.855 fladderen
dutch_allwords.test.856 kind
dutch_allwords.test.857 knuffelen
dutch_allwords.test.858 kussen_V
dutch_allwords.test.859 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.860 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.861 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.862 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.863 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.864 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.865 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.866 dazen
dutch_allwords.test.867 brabbelen
dutch_allwords.test.868 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.869 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.870 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.871 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.872 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.873 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.874 droom_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.875 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.876 verschrikkelijk_akelig
dutch_allwords.test.877 droom_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.878 trekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.879 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.880 in_twijfel_trekken
dutch_allwords.test.881 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.882 in_twijfel_trekken
dutch_allwords.test.883 in_twijfel_trekken
dutch_allwords.test.884 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.885 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.886 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.887 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.888 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.889 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.890 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.891 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.892 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.893 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.894 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.895 voorspellen
dutch_allwords.test.896 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.897 af_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.898 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.899 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.900 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.901 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.902 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.903 slaperig
dutch_allwords.test.904 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.905 op_omhoog
dutch_allwords.test.906 balken
dutch_allwords.test.907 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.908 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.909 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.910 weiden_V
dutch_allwords.test.911 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.912 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.913 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.914 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.915 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.916 klaver
dutch_allwords.test.917 kiezen_V
dutch_allwords.test.918 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.919 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.920 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.921 wijd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.922 mond_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.923 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.924 malen_fijnmaken
dutch_allwords.test.925 kies_tand
dutch_allwords.test.926 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.927 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.928 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.929 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.930 uiroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.931 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.932 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.933 mij
dutch_allwords.test.934 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.935 ergens_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.936 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.937 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.938 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.939 razend_woedend
dutch_allwords.test.940 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.941 bewaken
dutch_allwords.test.942 berucht
dutch_allwords.test.943 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.944 afstotelijk
dutch_allwords.test.945 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.946 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.947 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.948 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.949 wippen_op_en_neer
dutch_allwords.test.950 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.951 komen
dutch_allwords.test.952 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.953 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.954 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.955 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.956 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.957 kloppen_deur
dutch_allwords.test.958 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.959 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.960 huizen
dutch_allwords.test.961 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.962 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.963 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.964 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.965 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.966 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.967 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.968 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.969 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.970 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.971 kroon_koning
dutch_allwords.test.972 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.973 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.974 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.975 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.976 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.977 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.978 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.979 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.980 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.981 lijk_N
dutch_allwords.test.982 brullen
dutch_allwords.test.983 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.984 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.985 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.986 lijk_N
dutch_allwords.test.987 beamen
dutch_allwords.test.988 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.989 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.990 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.991 terugkaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.992 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.993 tegenhouden
dutch_allwords.test.994 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.995 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.996 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.997 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.998 verlenen
dutch_allwords.test.999 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1000 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1001 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1002 inslaan_kapotslaan
dutch_allwords.test.1003 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.1004 schedel_top_van_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1005 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1006 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.1007 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.1008 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1009 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1010 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1011 steel_stok
dutch_allwords.test.1012 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1013 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1014 afvuren
dutch_allwords.test.1015 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1016 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1017 roodgloeiend
dutch_allwords.test.1018 duiken_zee
dutch_allwords.test.1019 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1020 stinken
dutch_allwords.test.1021 snuiven
dutch_allwords.test.1022 oversteken
dutch_allwords.test.1023 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1024 marcheren
dutch_allwords.test.1025 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1026 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1027 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1028 voor_het_eerst
dutch_allwords.test.1029 voor_het_eerst
dutch_allwords.test.1030 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1031 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1032 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.1033 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.1034 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1035 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1036 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1037 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.1038 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1039 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.1040 afzichtelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1041 schepsel
dutch_allwords.test.1042 honderd
dutch_allwords.test.1043 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1044 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1045 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.1046 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1047 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1048 slagen_lukken
dutch_allwords.test.1049 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1050 beetje_N
dutch_allwords.test.1051 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.1052 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1053 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1054 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1055 afzichtelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1056 ander
dutch_allwords.test.1057 spuwen
dutch_allwords.test.1058 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1059 het_op_een_..._zetten
dutch_allwords.test.1060 het_op_een_..._zetten
dutch_allwords.test.1061 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1062 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1063 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1064 uitvallen_boos
dutch_allwords.test.1065 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1066 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1067 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1068 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.1069 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1070 glas_stof
dutch_allwords.test.1071 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.1072 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1073 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1074 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1075 jodelen
dutch_allwords.test.1076 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.1077 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1078 dol_gek
dutch_allwords.test.1079 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1080 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1081 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1082 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1083 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1084 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1085 schrijden
dutch_allwords.test.1086 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1087 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.1088 lip
dutch_allwords.test.1089 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.1090 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1091 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1092 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.1093 allerlelijkst
dutch_allwords.test.1094 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1095 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1096 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1097 koeren
dutch_allwords.test.1098 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1099 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1100 vurig
dutch_allwords.test.1101 puist
dutch_allwords.test.1102 hoornig
dutch_allwords.test.1103 wrat
dutch_allwords.test.1104 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1105 opwindend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1106 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.1107 giftig_vergiftigd
dutch_allwords.test.1108 adder
dutch_allwords.test.1109 schurftig
dutch_allwords.test.1110 rat
dutch_allwords.test.1111 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1112 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1113 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1114 groenig
dutch_allwords.test.1115 vel_huid
dutch_allwords.test.1116 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1117 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1118 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.1119 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1120 hel_N
dutch_allwords.test.1121 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1122 verblinden
dutch_allwords.test.1123 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1124 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1125 lip
dutch_allwords.test.1126 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1127 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.1128 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.1129 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1130 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1131 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.1132 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1133 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1134 kraai_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.1135 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1136 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1137 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1138 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.1139 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1140 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1141 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1142 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1143 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.1144 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1145 neerkomen_op
dutch_allwords.test.1146 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1147 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1148 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1149 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1150 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1151 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.1152 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1153 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1154 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1155 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1156 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.1157 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.1158 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.1159 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.1160 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.1161 bezwaar
dutch_allwords.test.1162 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1163 blik_kijken
dutch_allwords.test.1164 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1165 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1166 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1167 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1168 happen_bijten
dutch_allwords.test.1169 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1170 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1171 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.1172 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1173 knagen
dutch_allwords.test.1174 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1175 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1176 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1177 klauwen
dutch_allwords.test.1178 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1179 elkaar
dutch_allwords.test.1180 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.1181 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.1182 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.1183 rook_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.1184 horen_plaats(...bij)
dutch_allwords.test.1185 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1186 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1187 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1188 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.1189 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1190 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1191 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1192 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1193 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1194 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1195 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.1196 komen
dutch_allwords.test.1197 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1198 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1199 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1200 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1201 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1202 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1203 autosleutel
dutch_allwords.test.1204 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1205 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1206 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1207 bus_autobus
dutch_allwords.test.1208 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1209 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1210 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.1211 opslokken
dutch_allwords.test.1212 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.1213 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1214 zondags
dutch_allwords.test.1215 hoed_N
dutch_allwords.test.1216 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1217 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1218 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.1219 roos_bloem
dutch_allwords.test.1220 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1221 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1222 stop_fles
dutch_allwords.test.1223 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.1224 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1225 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1226 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1227 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.1228 geel
dutch_allwords.test.1229 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1230 elk
dutch_allwords.test.1231 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.1232 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1233 hikken
dutch_allwords.test.1234 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1235 bel_bol
dutch_allwords.test.1236 blazen_bellen
dutch_allwords.test.1237 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1238 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1239 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1240 happen_bijten
dutch_allwords.test.1241 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1242 doperwt
dutch_allwords.test.1243 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1244 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1245 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1246 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1247 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1248 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1249 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1250 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1251 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.1252 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.1253 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1254 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1255 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.1256 nek_N
dutch_allwords.test.1257 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.1258 flink_groot
dutch_allwords.test.1259 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1260 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1261 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1262 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1263 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1264 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1265 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.1266 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1267 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1268 lekker
dutch_allwords.test.1269 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.1270 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1271 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1272 best_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1273 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.1274 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1275 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1276 doperwt
dutch_allwords.test.1277 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.1278 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1279 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.1280 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1281 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1282 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1283 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.1284 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1285 brullen
dutch_allwords.test.1286 terugkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1287 pas_nogmaar
dutch_allwords.test.1288 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1289 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1290 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1291 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1292 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1293 smijten
dutch_allwords.test.1294 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1295 knipperen_ogen
dutch_allwords.test.1296 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1297 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1298 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1299 doen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.1300 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1301 veer_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.1302 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1303 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.1304 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1305 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.1306 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1307 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.1308 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.1309 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.1310 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1311 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1312 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1313 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.1314 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1315 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1316 opzoeken_bezoeken
dutch_allwords.test.1317 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1318 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.1319 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1320 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1321 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.1322 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1323 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1324 haring_vis
dutch_allwords.test.1325 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1326 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1327 krab_dier
dutch_allwords.test.1328 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1329 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1330 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1331 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1332 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.1333 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1334 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1335 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1336 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1337 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1338 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1339 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1340 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1341 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1342 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1343 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1344 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1345 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1346 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.1347 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1348 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1349 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.1350 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1351 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1352 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1353 opslokken
dutch_allwords.test.1354 citroen
dutch_allwords.test.1355 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1356 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.1357 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.1358 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1359 bos_bloemen_etc
dutch_allwords.test.1360 radijs
dutch_allwords.test.1361 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1362 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1363 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1364 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1365 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1366 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.1367 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1368 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1369 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1370 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1371 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1372 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1373 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1374 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1375 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.1376 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1377 wonder_N
dutch_allwords.test.1378 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1379 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1380 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1381 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.1382 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1383 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1384 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.1385 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.1386 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1387 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.1388 flensje
dutch_allwords.test.1389 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.1390 oliebol
dutch_allwords.test.1391 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1392 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1393 appelgebak
dutch_allwords.test.1394 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1395 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1396 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1397 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.1398 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1399 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1400 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1401 slikken_keel
dutch_allwords.test.1402 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1403 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1404 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1405 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1406 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1407 hoog_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1408 hoog_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1409 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1410 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1411 te_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1412 te_weten_komen
dutch_allwords.test.1413 te_weten_komen
dutch_allwords.test.1414 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1415 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1416 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.1417 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1418 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1419 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.1420 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1421 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.1422 opslokken
dutch_allwords.test.1423 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1424 groot
dutch_allwords.test.1425 hoop_berg
dutch_allwords.test.1426 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1427 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.1428 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1429 spijker_N
dutch_allwords.test.1430 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1431 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.1432 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1433 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1434 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1435 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1436 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1437 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1438 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.1439 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1440 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1441 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1442 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1443 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1444 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1445 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1446 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1447 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.1448 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1449 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1450 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1451 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1452 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1453 allerbest
dutch_allwords.test.1454 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1455 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1456 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1457 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1458 houden_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.1459 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1460 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.1461 groot
dutch_allwords.test.1462 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.1463 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1464 knipperen_ogen
dutch_allwords.test.1465 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1466 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1467 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1468 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.1469 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.1470 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.1471 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1472 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.1473 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.1474 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1475 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1476 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1477 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1478 loeren
dutch_allwords.test.1479 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1480 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1481 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.1482 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1483 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1484 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1485 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1486 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1487 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1488 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1489 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1490 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.1491 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1492 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1493 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1494 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1495 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1496 zeer_erg
dutch_allwords.test.1497 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1498 brommen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1499 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1500 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1501 schrokken_V
dutch_allwords.test.1502 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1503 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1504 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.1505 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.1506 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.1507 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.1508 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1509 weten
dutch_allwords.test.1510 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.1511 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.1512 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1513 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1514 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1515 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1516 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1517 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1518 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.1519 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1520 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.1521 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1522 boterham
dutch_allwords.test.1523 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1524 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.1525 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1526 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1527 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.1528 houden_blijven
dutch_allwords.test.1529 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1530 stijf_stevig
dutch_allwords.test.1531 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1532 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.1533 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1534 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1535 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.1536 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1537 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1538 bezorgd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1539 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1540 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1541 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1542 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1543 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1544 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1545 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1546 schuld_verantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1547 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1548 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1549 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1550 grommen
dutch_allwords.test.1551 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1552 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1553 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1554 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1555 autosleutel
dutch_allwords.test.1556 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1557 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1558 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1559 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.1560 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.1561 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1562 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.1563 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.1564 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.1565 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1566 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1567 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1568 hangen_houding
dutch_allwords.test.1569 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1570 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1571 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.1572 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1573 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1574 overhalen
dutch_allwords.test.1575 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1576 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1577 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1578 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1579 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.1580 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1581 houden_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.1582 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1583 stijf_stevig
dutch_allwords.test.1584 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1585 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1586 slok_N
dutch_allwords.test.1587 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.1588 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1589 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1590 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1591 schuld_verantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1592 brommen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1593 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1594 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1595 dat_zullen_je_leren
dutch_allwords.test.1596 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1597 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1598 doperwt
dutch_allwords.test.1599 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1600 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1601 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1602 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.1603 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.1604 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1605 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.1606 om_ondersteboven
dutch_allwords.test.1607 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1608 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1609 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1610 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1611 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1612 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1613 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1614 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1615 bezorgd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1616 komen
dutch_allwords.test.1617 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1618 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1619 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.1620 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1621 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1622 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1623 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1624 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.1625 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1626 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1627 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.1628 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.1629 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1630 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.1631 lieve_help
dutch_allwords.test.1632 lieve_help
dutch_allwords.test.1633 jammeren
dutch_allwords.test.1634 gaan
dutch_allwords.test.1635 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1636 gaan
dutch_allwords.test.1637 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1638 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.1639 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.1640 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1641 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1642 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1643 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.1644 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1645 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1646 haasten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1647 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1648 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1649 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.1650 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1651 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1652 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.1653 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1654 oester
dutch_allwords.test.1655 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.1656 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1657 groot
dutch_allwords.test.1658 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1659 rijp_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1660 tomaat
dutch_allwords.test.1661 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.1662 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1663 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.1664 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1665 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1666 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1667 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.1668 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.1669 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1670 vergeten
dutch_allwords.test.1671 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.1672 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1673 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1674 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.1675 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1676 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1677 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1678 schuld_verantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1679 kreunen
dutch_allwords.test.1680 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1681 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.1682 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1683 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1684 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1685 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1686 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1687 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1688 groot
dutch_allwords.test.1689 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.1690 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.1691 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.1692 houden_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.1693 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1694 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1695 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.1696 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.1697 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.1698 knielen
dutch_allwords.test.1699 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1700 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1701 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1702 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1703 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1704 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1705 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1706 menen_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.1707 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1708 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1709 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1710 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1711 toe_komaan
dutch_allwords.test.1712 doen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.1713 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1714 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1715 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1716 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1717 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1718 beter_hersteld
dutch_allwords.test.1719 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1720 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1721 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1722 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1723 baan_werk
dutch_allwords.test.1724 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.1725 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1726 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1727 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1728 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.1729 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1730 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1731 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1732 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1733 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1734 ander
dutch_allwords.test.1735 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.1736 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1737 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.1738 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1739 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.1740 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1741 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.1742 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1743 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1744 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1745 opslokken
dutch_allwords.test.1746 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1747 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1748 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1749 oester
dutch_allwords.test.1750 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1751 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1752 tomaat
dutch_allwords.test.1753 doorslikken
dutch_allwords.test.1754 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1755 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1756 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.1757 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1758 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1759 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.1760 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1761 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1762 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1763 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1764 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.1765 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1766 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1767 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1768 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.1769 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1770 juichen
dutch_allwords.test.1771 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1772 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.1773 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.1774 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.1775 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1776 beter_hersteld
dutch_allwords.test.1777 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1778 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1779 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.1780 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1781 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.1782 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1783 beloven
dutch_allwords.test.1784 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1785 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.1786 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1787 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1788 baan_werk
dutch_allwords.test.1789 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1790 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.1791 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1792 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1793 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1794 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1795 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.1796 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1797 groot
dutch_allwords.test.1798 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.1799 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1800 nek_N
dutch_allwords.test.1801 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1802 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.1803 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1804 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1805 baan_werk
dutch_allwords.test.1806 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.1807 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1808 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1809 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1810 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1811 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1812 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1813 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1814 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.1815 schoon_vuil
dutch_allwords.test.1816 net_netjes
dutch_allwords.test.1817 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.1818 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1819 snappen_begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.1820 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.1821 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1822 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.1823 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.1824 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1825 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1826 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.1827 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1828 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.1829 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1830 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1831 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.1832 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1833 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1834 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.1835 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.1836 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.1837 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1838 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1839 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1840 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.1841 aanspoelen
dutch_allwords.test.1842 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1843 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1844 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.1845 's_zomers
dutch_allwords.test.1846 's_zomers
dutch_allwords.test.1847 elk
dutch_allwords.test.1848 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.1849 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.1850 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1851 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1852 logeren
dutch_allwords.test.1853 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.1854 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1855 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1856 huis
dutch_allwords.test.1857 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1858 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1859 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.1860 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1861 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1862 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.1863 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.1864 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.1865 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1866 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1867 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.1868 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.1869 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1870 boot
dutch_allwords.test.1871 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1872 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1873 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1874 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.1875 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1876 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1877 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1878 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.1879 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1880 komen
dutch_allwords.test.1881 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1882 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1883 komen
dutch_allwords.test.1884 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.1885 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1886 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.1887 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1888 lekker
dutch_allwords.test.1889 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.1890 vissen_V
dutch_allwords.test.1891 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1892 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1893 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1894 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1895 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1896 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.1897 na_nadat
dutch_allwords.test.1898 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1899 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.1900 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1901 agenda_afsprakenboek
dutch_allwords.test.1902 doorkijken
dutch_allwords.test.1903 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.1904 op_stap
dutch_allwords.test.1905 op_stap
dutch_allwords.test.1906 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1907 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.1908 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.1909 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1910 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1911 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1912 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1913 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1914 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1915 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.1916 kennen_weten_wie,wat
dutch_allwords.test.1917 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1918 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.1919 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.1920 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1921 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.1922 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.1923 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.1924 lekker
dutch_allwords.test.1925 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1926 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1927 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.1928 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.1929 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1930 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1931 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1932 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.1933 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1934 pot_N
dutch_allwords.test.1935 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.1936 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1937 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.1938 dol_op
dutch_allwords.test.1939 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1940 boterham
dutch_allwords.test.1941 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1942 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.1943 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1944 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1945 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1946 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1947 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.1948 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.1949 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.1950 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.1951 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.1952 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1953 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1954 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.1955 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1956 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.1957 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1958 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1959 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1960 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1961 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1962 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1963 punt_plek
dutch_allwords.test.1964 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1965 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.1966 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.1967 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.1968 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1969 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.1970 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1971 uiterst
dutch_allwords.test.1972 punt_plek
dutch_allwords.test.1973 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1974 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1975 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1976 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.1977 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.1978 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1979 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.1980 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.1981 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.1982 Heer_God
dutch_allwords.test.1983 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1984 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.1985 bui_stemming
dutch_allwords.test.1986 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.1987 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.1988 duim_vinger
dutch_allwords.test.1989 opsteken
dutch_allwords.test.1990 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.1991 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1992 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.1993 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.1994 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.1995 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.1996 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.1997 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.1998 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.1999 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.2000 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2001 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2002 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.2003 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2004 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2005 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2006 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2007 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2008 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2009 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2010 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2011 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.2012 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.2013 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2014 op_stap
dutch_allwords.test.2015 op_sta
dutch_allwords.test.2016 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.2017 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.2018 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.2019 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2020 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.2021 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2022 steiger_aanlegplaats
dutch_allwords.test.2023 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2024 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2025 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2026 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2027 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.2028 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2029 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2030 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2031 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2032 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2033 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2034 kier
dutch_allwords.test.2035 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2036 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2037 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.2038 deken
dutch_allwords.test.2039 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2040 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2041 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.2042 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.2043 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.2044 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.2045 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2046 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2047 dichtknijpen
dutch_allwords.test.2048 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2049 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2050 stijf_stevig
dutch_allwords.test.2051 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.2052 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.2053 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2054 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2055 bewegen_verplaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.2056 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2057 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2058 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.2059 deken
dutch_allwords.test.2060 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.2061 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.2062 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.2063 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2064 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2065 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.2066 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.2067 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2068 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2069 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.2070 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.2071 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2072 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2073 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2074 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2075 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2076 boterham
dutch_allwords.test.2077 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2078 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.2079 meebrengen
dutch_allwords.test.2080 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2081 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.2082 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.2083 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2084 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.2085 gelijk_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.2086 hij
dutch_allwords.test.2087 gelijk_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.2088 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2089 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.2090 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2091 afgooien
dutch_allwords.test.2092 deken
dutch_allwords.test.2093 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2094 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2095 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2096 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2097 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.2098 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2099 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2100 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2101 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2102 Heer_God
dutch_allwords.test.2103 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2104 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.2105 bui_stemming
dutch_allwords.test.2106 welkom_N
dutch_allwords.test.2107 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2108 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2109 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2110 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.2111 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2112 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2113 boterham
dutch_allwords.test.2114 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2115 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2116 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2117 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2118 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2119 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2120 stralen_geluk
dutch_allwords.test.2121 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.2122 boterham
dutch_allwords.test.2123 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2124 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.2125 spannend_opwindend
dutch_allwords.test.2126 verhaal_N
dutch_allwords.test.2127 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.2128 mij
dutch_allwords.test.2129 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.2130 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2131 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.2132 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.2133 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.2134 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.2135 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2136 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.2137 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2138 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2139 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2140 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2141 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2142 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2143 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2144 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.2145 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2146 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2147 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.2148 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.2149 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2150 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.2151 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2152 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2153 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2154 tijdens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2155 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2156 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.2157 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.2158 terechtkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2159 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2160 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.2161 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2162 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2163 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2164 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2165 dek_schip
dutch_allwords.test.2166 terechtkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2167 vlak_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2168 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2169 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2170 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.2171 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2172 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.2173 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2174 edelsteen
dutch_allwords.test.2175 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2176 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2177 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2178 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.2179 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2180 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2181 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.2182 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2183 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2184 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2185 vergaan_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.2186 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2187 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2188 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2189 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2190 enig_alleen
dutch_allwords.test.2191 vervolgen_doorgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2192 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2193 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2194 vechten
dutch_allwords.test.2195 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.2196 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2197 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.2198 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2199 woest
dutch_allwords.test.2200 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.2201 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2202 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2203 wemelen
dutch_allwords.test.2204 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2205 haai
dutch_allwords.test.2206 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2207 strijd_N
dutch_allwords.test.2208 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.2209 opgeven_ophouden
dutch_allwords.test.2210 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2211 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2212 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2213 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2214 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2215 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.2216 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.2217 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.2218 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2219 roeien
dutch_allwords.test.2220 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.2221 nacht
dutch_allwords.test.2222 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2223 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.2224 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2225 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2226 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.2227 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2228 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.2229 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2230 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.2231 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.2232 aanspoelen
dutch_allwords.test.2233 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2234 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.2235 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2236 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2237 punt_plek
dutch_allwords.test.2238 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2239 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.2240 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2241 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2242 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2243 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2244 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.2245 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2246 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2247 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2248 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2249 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2250 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2251 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2252 kast_opbergplaats
dutch_allwords.test.2253 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2254 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2255 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.2256 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.2257 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.2258 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2259 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2260 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2261 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2262 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2263 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2264 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2265 aardig_leuk
dutch_allwords.test.2266 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2267 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2268 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2269 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2270 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2271 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.2272 opstappen_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.2273 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2274 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2275 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.2276 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2277 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.2278 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2279 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.2280 hard_zacht
dutch_allwords.test.2281 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2282 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2283 boog_gebogen
dutch_allwords.test.2284 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2285 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2286 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2287 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2288 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.2289 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.2290 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2291 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.2292 deken
dutch_allwords.test.2293 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.2294 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.2295 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2296 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2297 lied
dutch_allwords.test.2298 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.2299 mij
dutch_allwords.test.2300 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2301 slapen
dutch_allwords.test.2302 kind
dutch_allwords.test.2303 slapen
dutch_allwords.test.2304 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2305 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2306 kennen_weten_wie,wat
dutch_allwords.test.2307 uit_je_hoofd(leren)
dutch_allwords.test.2308 haar_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2309 uit_je_hoofd(leren)
dutch_allwords.test.2310 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.2311 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.2312 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2313 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.2314 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.2315 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2316 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2317 nieuw_oud
dutch_allwords.test.2318 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2319 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2320 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2321 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2322 nat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2323 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2324 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2325 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2326 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.2327 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2328 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2329 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.2330 passen_aantrekken
dutch_allwords.test.2331 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2332 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2333 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2334 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2335 opmaken_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.2336 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2337 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2338 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2339 spiegel
dutch_allwords.test.2340 spiegel
dutch_allwords.test.2341 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2342 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2343 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.2344 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2345 het_lidw.
dutch_allwords.test.2346 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2347 land_staat
dutch_allwords.test.2348 ander
dutch_allwords.test.2349 kind
dutch_allwords.test.2350 opkijken*1_verbaasd
dutch_allwords.test.2351 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2352 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2353 mij
dutch_allwords.test.2354 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2355 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2356 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.2357 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2358 school_onderwijs
dutch_allwords.test.2359 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.2360 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2361 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.2362 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2363 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.2364 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.2365 opschieten_vriend
dutch_allwords.test.2366 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2367 ander
dutch_allwords.test.2368 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.2369 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2370 mij
dutch_allwords.test.2371 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2372 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2373 pappa
dutch_allwords.test.2374 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.2375 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2376 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.2377 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.2378 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2379 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2380 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.2381 hij
dutch_allwords.test.2382 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2383 drogen_nat
dutch_allwords.test.2384 pad_dier
dutch_allwords.test.2385 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2386 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2387 zuur_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2388 worm
dutch_allwords.test.2389 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2390 nat_N
dutch_allwords.test.2391 proeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.2392 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2393 meester_leerkracht
dutch_allwords.test.2394 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2395 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2396 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2397 gebakje
dutch_allwords.test.2398 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2399 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.2400 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.2401 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2402 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2403 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2404 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2405 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.2406 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2407 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.2408 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2409 verschrikkelijk_akelig
dutch_allwords.test.2410 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2411 kind
dutch_allwords.test.2412 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.2413 fantastisch_geweldig
dutch_allwords.test.2414 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2415 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2416 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2417 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.2418 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.2419 weten
dutch_allwords.test.2420 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2421 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2422 leuk_grappig
dutch_allwords.test.2423 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.2424 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.2425 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.2426 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2427 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2428 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.2429 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2430 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2431 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.2432 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2433 huisdier
dutch_allwords.test.2434 kennismaken
dutch_allwords.test.2435 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2436 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2437 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.2438 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2439 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2440 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2441 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.2442 om_zeep_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.2443 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2444 om_zeep_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.2445 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2446 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.2447 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2448 fiks
dutch_allwords.test.2449 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2450 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2451 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.2452 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2453 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.2454 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.2455 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.2456 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2457 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2458 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.2459 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2460 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2461 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2462 ok
dutch_allwords.test.2463 ok
dutch_allwords.test.2464 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2465 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2466 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.2467 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2468 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2469 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.2470 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.2471 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2472 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.2473 in_brand_vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2474 in_brand_vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2475 school_onderwijs
dutch_allwords.test.2476 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2477 in_brand_vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2478 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.2479 levend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2480 roosteren
dutch_allwords.test.2481 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2482 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2483 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2484 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2485 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.2486 brandweerwagen
dutch_allwords.test.2487 op_kunnen_tegen
dutch_allwords.test.2488 op_kunnen_tegen
dutch_allwords.test.2489 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2490 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2491 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2492 blussen
dutch_allwords.test.2493 brand_N
dutch_allwords.test.2494 in_een_handomdraai
dutch_allwords.test.2495 in_een_handomdraai
dutch_allwords.test.2496 in_een_handomdraai
dutch_allwords.test.2497 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.2498 ander
dutch_allwords.test.2499 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.2500 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2501 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.2502 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2503 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.2504 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2505 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2506 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.2507 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.2508 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2509 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2510 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2511 kweken_V
dutch_allwords.test.2512 supergroot
dutch_allwords.test.2513 groente
dutch_allwords.test.2514 winnen_verliezen
dutch_allwords.test.2515 prijs_beloning
dutch_allwords.test.2516 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2517 groente
dutch_allwords.test.2518 show_N
dutch_allwords.test.2519 ander
dutch_allwords.test.2520 standhouder
dutch_allwords.test.2521 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2522 een_lesje_leren
dutch_allwords.test.2523 een_lesje_leren
dutch_allwords.test.2524 een_lesje_leren
dutch_allwords.test.2525 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2526 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2527 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2528 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2529 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.2530 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2531 leuk_grappig
dutch_allwords.test.2532 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2533 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2534 vrij_nogal
dutch_allwords.test.2535 krak
dutch_allwords.test.2536 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2537 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2538 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2539 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2540 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2541 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.2542 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2543 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2544 arresteren
dutch_allwords.test.2545 wegens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2546 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2547 kweken_V
dutch_allwords.test.2548 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2549 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2550 gevaarlijk
dutch_allwords.test.2551 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2552 inzetten_inspanning
dutch_allwords.test.2553 sproeien
dutch_allwords.test.2554 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2555 opa
dutch_allwords.test.2556 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.2557 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2558 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2559 leger_krijgsmacht
dutch_allwords.test.2560 erbijhalen
dutch_allwords.test.2561 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2562 opa
dutch_allwords.test.2563 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.2564 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2565 geheimagent
dutch_allwords.test.2566 geheimagent
dutch_allwords.test.2567 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2568 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2569 geheim_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2570 wapen_geweer
dutch_allwords.test.2571 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2572 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2573 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2574 vrijlaten
dutch_allwords.test.2575 vrij_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2576 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.2577 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.2578 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2579 worm
dutch_allwords.test.2580 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2581 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2582 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2583 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2584 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.2585 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.2586 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.2587 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.2588 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2589 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2590 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2591 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2592 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2593 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2594 ontsnappen_ontkomen
dutch_allwords.test.2595 gevangene
dutch_allwords.test.2596 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.2597 cel_gevangenis
dutch_allwords.test.2598 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2599 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2600 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.2601 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2602 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2603 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.2604 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2605 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2606 pop_rups
dutch_allwords.test.2607 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2608 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.2609 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2610 gewicht_zwaarte
dutch_allwords.test.2611 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2612 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.2613 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2614 razend_woedend
dutch_allwords.test.2615 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2616 gelukkig_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2617 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.2618 pop_rups
dutch_allwords.test.2619 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.2620 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2621 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2622 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2623 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2624 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2625 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2626 uithollen
dutch_allwords.test.2627 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2628 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2629 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2630 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.2631 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2632 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.2633 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2634 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2635 nieuw_oud
dutch_allwords.test.2636 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.2637 flink_groot
dutch_allwords.test.2638 uitkijken_voorzichtig
dutch_allwords.test.2639 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2640 slak
dutch_allwords.test.2641 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2642 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.2643 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2644 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2645 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2646 beeldschoon
dutch_allwords.test.2647 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2648 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.2649 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2650 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2651 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2652 groot
dutch_allwords.test.2653 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2654 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2655 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.2656 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2657 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2658 allerbest
dutch_allwords.test.2659 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2660 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2661 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.2662 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2663 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.2664 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2665 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2666 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2667 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2668 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.2669 struik
dutch_allwords.test.2670 bloeien_plant
dutch_allwords.test.2671 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.2672 vervullen_vullen
dutch_allwords.test.2673 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2674 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2675 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2676 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2677 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2678 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2679 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2680 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2681 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2682 voornaam_belangrijk
dutch_allwords.test.2683 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2684 paleis
dutch_allwords.test.2685 boomgaard
dutch_allwords.test.2686 sprankelend
dutch_allwords.test.2687 bron_water
dutch_allwords.test.2688 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2689 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2690 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2691 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2692 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.2693 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2694 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2695 voornaam_belangrijk
dutch_allwords.test.2696 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2697 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2698 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.2699 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.2700 trots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2701 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.2702 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2703 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.2704 blond
dutch_allwords.test.2705 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.2706 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2707 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.2708 toevoegen
dutch_allwords.test.2709 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2710 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2711 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2712 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.2713 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2714 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2715 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2716 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2717 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2718 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2719 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2720 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.2721 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.2722 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2723 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.2724 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.2725 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.2726 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2727 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2728 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2729 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2730 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2731 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2732 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2733 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2734 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2735 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2736 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2737 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2738 korenveld
dutch_allwords.test.2739 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.2740 weide
dutch_allwords.test.2741 bruisend
dutch_allwords.test.2742 beek
dutch_allwords.test.2743 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2744 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2745 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2746 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2747 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.2748 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2749 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2750 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.2751 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2752 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2753 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.2754 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.2755 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2756 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.2757 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2758 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2759 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2760 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2761 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2762 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2763 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2764 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.2765 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2766 traan
dutch_allwords.test.2767 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2768 afwenden_ogen
dutch_allwords.test.2769 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2770 goud
dutch_allwords.test.2771 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.2772 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.2773 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2774 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.2775 strijken_wrijven
dutch_allwords.test.2776 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2777 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2778 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.2779 blad_boom
dutch_allwords.test.2780 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2781 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.2782 rukken_V
dutch_allwords.test.2783 zwaluw
dutch_allwords.test.2784 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2785 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2786 trekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.2787 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2788 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2789 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2790 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2791 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2792 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2793 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2794 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2795 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2796 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2797 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.2798 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2799 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.2800 lieflijk
dutch_allwords.test.2801 heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.2802 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.2803 meer_N
dutch_allwords.test.2804 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.2805 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.2806 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2807 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.2808 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2809 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2810 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2811 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2812 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.2813 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2814 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2815 wonderbaarlijk
dutch_allwords.test.2816 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2817 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2818 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.2819 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2820 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2821 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2822 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2823 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.2824 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2825 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2826 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2827 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.2828 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2829 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2830 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.2831 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2832 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2833 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2834 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.2835 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.2836 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2837 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.2838 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2839 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.2840 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2841 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2842 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2843 wang
dutch_allwords.test.2844 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2845 komen
dutch_allwords.test.2846 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2847 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2848 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2849 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.2850 bitter_kou
dutch_allwords.test.2851 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2852 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2853 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2854 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2855 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2856 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2857 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2858 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2859 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.2860 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2861 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2862 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.2863 moeras
dutch_allwords.test.2864 uitgestrekt
dutch_allwords.test.2865 heideveld
dutch_allwords.test.2866 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.2867 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2868 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.2869 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2870 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2871 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2872 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.2873 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2874 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.2875 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2876 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2877 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2878 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.2879 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2880 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2881 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2882 heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.2883 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2884 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2885 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2886 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.2887 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2888 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2889 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2890 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2891 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2892 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2893 uitkijk_N
dutch_allwords.test.2894 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2895 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2896 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.2897 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2898 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2899 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2900 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2901 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2902 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2903 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2904 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.2905 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2906 koninklijk
dutch_allwords.test.2907 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.2908 gaan
dutch_allwords.test.2909 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2910 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2911 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.2912 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.2913 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2914 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2915 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.2916 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.2917 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.2918 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2919 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2920 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.2921 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.2922 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.2923 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2924 beschadigen
dutch_allwords.test.2925 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2926 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2927 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.2928 ruit_glas
dutch_allwords.test.2929 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.2930 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2931 vloer_N
dutch_allwords.test.2932 deur
dutch_allwords.test.2933 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2934 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2935 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.2936 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2937 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.2938 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2939 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2940 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2941 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2942 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.2943 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.2944 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2945 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.2946 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2947 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2948 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.2949 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.2950 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2951 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2952 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.2953 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2954 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2955 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.2956 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2957 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2958 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.2959 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.2960 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.2961 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.2962 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2963 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2964 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2965 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.2966 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.2967 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.2968 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.2969 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.2970 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.2971 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.2972 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2973 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2974 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.2975 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2976 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2977 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2978 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2979 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.2980 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2981 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.2982 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.2983 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.2984 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.2985 ontbieden
dutch_allwords.test.2986 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.2987 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.2988 vlam_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.2989 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.2990 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.2991 oplaaien
dutch_allwords.test.2992 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.2993 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.2994 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.2995 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.2996 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.2997 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.2998 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.2999 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.3000 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.3001 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.3002 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3003 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.3004 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3005 ander
dutch_allwords.test.3006 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.3007 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3008 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.3009 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.3010 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3011 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3012 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.3013 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3014 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3015 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3016 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3017 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3018 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3019 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3020 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3021 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3022 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3023 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3024 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3025 konijn
dutch_allwords.test.3026 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.3027 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3028 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3029 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3030 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.3031 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3032 ander
dutch_allwords.test.3033 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.3034 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3035 bediende_N
dutch_allwords.test.3036 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3037 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3038 terugkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3039 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.3040 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3041 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3042 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3043 gereedschap
dutch_allwords.test.3044 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3045 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3046 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3047 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3048 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3049 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3050 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.3051 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3052 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3053 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3054 fluiten_V
dutch_allwords.test.3055 laden_vrachtwagen
dutch_allwords.test.3056 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3057 gereedschap
dutch_allwords.test.3058 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3059 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3060 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3061 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.3062 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3063 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3064 in_een_oogwenk
dutch_allwords.test.3065 in_een_oogwenk
dutch_allwords.test.3066 in_een_oogwenk
dutch_allwords.test.3067 uitleggen
dutch_allwords.test.3068 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3069 repareren
dutch_allwords.test.3070 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.3071 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3072 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3073 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.3074 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.3075 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3076 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3077 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3078 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3079 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3080 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3081 werken_werk
dutch_allwords.test.3082 opgewekt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3083 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3084 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3085 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.3086 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.3087 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.3088 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3089 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3090 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3091 uittrekken_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.3092 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3093 leren_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3094 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3095 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.3096 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3097 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3098 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3099 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3100 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3101 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3102 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3103 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3104 leuk_grappig
dutch_allwords.test.3105 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3106 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3107 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.3108 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3109 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3110 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3111 knopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3112 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3113 borduren
dutch_allwords.test.3114 los_vast
dutch_allwords.test.3115 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.3116 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3117 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.3118 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3119 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.3120 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3121 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3122 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3123 vegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3124 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3125 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.3126 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3127 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3128 klein
dutch_allwords.test.3129 rookwolk
dutch_allwords.test.3130 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3131 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3132 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.3133 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3134 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.3135 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.3136 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.3137 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3138 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.3139 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.3140 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3141 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3142 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3143 spetteren
dutch_allwords.test.3144 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.3145 rond_rondom
dutch_allwords.test.3146 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3147 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3148 schoon_vuil
dutch_allwords.test.3149 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3150 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3151 enig_leuk
dutch_allwords.test.3152 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3153 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3154 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3155 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.3156 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.3157 schoppen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3158 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3159 zijde_stof
dutch_allwords.test.3160 schoen
dutch_allwords.test.3161 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3162 spetteren
dutch_allwords.test.3163 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3164 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3165 rond_rondom
dutch_allwords.test.3166 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3167 zagen_hout
dutch_allwords.test.3168 schaven_V
dutch_allwords.test.3169 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.3170 vloerplank
dutch_allwords.test.3171 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.3172 net_netjes
dutch_allwords.test.3173 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3174 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3175 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3176 kier
dutch_allwords.test.3177 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3178 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3179 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3180 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3181 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3182 verven_V
dutch_allwords.test.3183 vloeren_V
dutch_allwords.test.3184 kleur_N
dutch_allwords.test.3185 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3186 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3187 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3188 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.3189 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3190 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.3191 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3192 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3193 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3194 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3195 beschilderen
dutch_allwords.test.3196 muur
dutch_allwords.test.3197 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3198 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.3199 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3200 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.3201 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3202 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3203 passen_overeenstemmen
dutch_allwords.test.3204 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3205 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3206 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3207 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3208 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.3209 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3210 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3211 kamerdeur
dutch_allwords.test.3212 groot
dutch_allwords.test.3213 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3214 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3215 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3216 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.3217 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3218 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.3219 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.3220 geur_N
dutch_allwords.test.3221 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3222 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.3223 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3224 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.3225 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.3226 liefkozen
dutch_allwords.test.3227 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.3228 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3229 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3230 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.3231 slot_sleutel
dutch_allwords.test.3232 sleutel_deur
dutch_allwords.test.3233 bout_schroef
dutch_allwords.test.3234 scharnier
dutch_allwords.test.3235 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3236 deur
dutch_allwords.test.3237 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3238 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3239 groot
dutch_allwords.test.3240 boog_gebogen
dutch_allwords.test.3241 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3242 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3243 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.3244 leuk_grappig
dutch_allwords.test.3245 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3246 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3247 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3248 kroon_koning
dutch_allwords.test.3249 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3250 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3251 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.3252 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.3253 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3254 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3255 zwaai_N
dutch_allwords.test.3256 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3257 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3258 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.3259 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3260 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3261 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3262 vlechten_V
dutch_allwords.test.3263 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3264 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.3265 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3266 aannemen_accepteren
dutch_allwords.test.3267 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3268 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.3269 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3270 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3271 goud
dutch_allwords.test.3272 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.3273 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3274 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3275 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.3276 raken_aanraken
dutch_allwords.test.3277 hand
dutch_allwords.test.3278 blik_kijken
dutch_allwords.test.3279 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3280 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3281 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.3282 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.3283 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3284 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3285 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3286 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3287 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3288 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3289 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.3290 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3291 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.3292 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.3293 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3294 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.3295 roosteren
dutch_allwords.test.3296 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.3297 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3298 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.3299 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.3300 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3301 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.3302 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3303 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3304 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3305 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3306 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3307 zeer_pijn
dutch_allwords.test.3308 verheugen
dutch_allwords.test.3309 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3310 stralen_geluk
dutch_allwords.test.3311 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3312 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3313 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3314 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3315 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3316 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3317 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3318 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3319 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.3320 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3321 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.3322 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.3323 apart_afzonderlijk
dutch_allwords.test.3324 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.3325 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3326 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3327 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3328 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3329 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3330 rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.3331 dat_beperking
dutch_allwords.test.3332 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3333 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3334 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3335 voorstellen_inbeelden
dutch_allwords.test.3336 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.3337 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.3338 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3339 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.3340 rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.3341 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3342 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3343 heer_man
dutch_allwords.test.3344 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.3345 op_zak
dutch_allwords.test.3346 op_zak
dutch_allwords.test.3347 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3348 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.3349 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3350 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3351 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.3352 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3353 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.3354 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3355 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3356 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.3357 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3358 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.3359 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.3360 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3361 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3362 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.3363 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3364 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3365 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3366 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3367 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3368 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3369 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.3370 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.3371 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3372 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3373 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3374 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3375 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.3376 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3377 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3378 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.3379 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3380 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3381 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3382 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3383 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3384 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3385 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3386 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3387 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3388 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3389 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3390 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3391 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.3392 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3393 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.3394 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3395 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3396 vraag_N
dutch_allwords.test.3397 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3398 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.3399 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3400 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3401 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3402 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3403 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3404 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3405 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3406 gereedschap
dutch_allwords.test.3407 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.3408 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3409 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3410 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3411 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.3412 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3413 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.3414 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3415 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3416 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3417 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.3418 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3419 te_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3420 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3421 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3422 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3423 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3424 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.3425 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3426 om_verstreken
dutch_allwords.test.3427 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3428 weten
dutch_allwords.test.3429 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3430 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3431 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.3432 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3433 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.3434 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3435 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3436 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3437 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3438 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.3439 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.3440 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3441 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3442 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3443 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3444 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3445 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3446 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3447 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3448 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.3449 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3450 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3451 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3452 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3453 optillen
dutch_allwords.test.3454 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3455 rok
dutch_allwords.test.3456 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3457 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3458 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3459 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3460 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3461 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.3462 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.3463 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3464 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.3465 nakijken_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3466 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3467 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3468 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3469 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3470 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.3471 veel
dutch_allwords.test.3472 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3473 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.3474 komen
dutch_allwords.test.3475 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3476 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3477 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3478 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3479 groeien
dutch_allwords.test.3480 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.3481 groente
dutch_allwords.test.3482 gans_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3483 kip
dutch_allwords.test.3484 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.3485 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3486 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3487 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3488 pikken_vogels
dutch_allwords.test.3489 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.3490 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.3491 wijd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3492 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.3493 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3494 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3495 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.3496 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3497 weten
dutch_allwords.test.3498 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.3499 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3500 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.3501 thuiskomen
dutch_allwords.test.3502 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3503 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3504 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3505 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3506 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.3507 huis
dutch_allwords.test.3508 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.3509 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3510 versieren_feest
dutch_allwords.test.3511 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3512 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3513 muur
dutch_allwords.test.3514 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.3515 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.3516 kast_opbergplaats
dutch_allwords.test.3517 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3518 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.3519 hier_en_daar
dutch_allwords.test.3520 hier_en_daar
dutch_allwords.test.3521 hier_en_daar
dutch_allwords.test.3522 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.3523 pot_N
dutch_allwords.test.3524 pan_koken
dutch_allwords.test.3525 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3526 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3527 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.3528 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.3529 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.3530 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3531 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3532 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3533 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3534 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.3535 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3536 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.3537 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3538 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3539 leren_iets
dutch_allwords.test.3540 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3541 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.3542 verzamelen
dutch_allwords.test.3543 kruid_N
dutch_allwords.test.3544 snijden_mes
dutch_allwords.test.3545 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3546 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3547 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.3548 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.3549 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3550 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.3551 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3552 bereiden
dutch_allwords.test.3553 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3554 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.3555 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.3556 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.3557 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3558 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.3559 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.3560 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3561 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3562 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.3563 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3564 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3565 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3566 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.3567 kussen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3568 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3569 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3570 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3571 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3572 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3573 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3574 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3575 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3576 te_rade_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.3577 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.3578 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3579 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3580 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.3581 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.3582 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.3583 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3584 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.3585 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3586 jacht_jagen
dutch_allwords.test.3587 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3588 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3589 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3590 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3591 groot
dutch_allwords.test.3592 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3593 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3594 opduiken
dutch_allwords.test.3595 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.3596 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.3597 pijl_boog
dutch_allwords.test.3598 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3599 over_rest
dutch_allwords.test.3600 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.3601 vluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.3602 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3603 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3604 griezelig
dutch_allwords.test.3605 beest_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3606 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3607 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3608 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.3609 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.3610 braamstruik
dutch_allwords.test.3611 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3612 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3613 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3614 beest_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3615 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3616 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3617 uitputten_afmatten
dutch_allwords.test.3618 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3619 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.3620 in_zwijm_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.3621 in_zwijm_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.3622 in_zwijm_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.3623 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.3624 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3625 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3626 geheimzinnig
dutch_allwords.test.3627 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3628 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3629 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.3630 sluier
dutch_allwords.test.3631 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3632 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.3633 speer
dutch_allwords.test.3634 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3635 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.3636 afschuwelijk
dutch_allwords.test.3637 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3638 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3639 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3640 zakken_V
dutch_allwords.test.3641 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3642 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3643 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3644 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3645 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.3646 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3647 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3648 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3649 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3650 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3651 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3652 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.3653 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3654 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3655 knap_mooi
dutch_allwords.test.3656 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3657 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3658 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.3659 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3660 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3661 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3662 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3663 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3664 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3665 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3666 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.3667 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3668 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3669 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3670 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3671 bijkomen_flauw_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.3672 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3673 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3674 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3675 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3676 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3677 aan_kleding
dutch_allwords.test.3678 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3679 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3680 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3681 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.3682 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3683 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3684 verwonderen
dutch_allwords.test.3685 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3686 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.3687 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.3688 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3689 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3690 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3691 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.3692 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3693 mij
dutch_allwords.test.3694 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3695 lekkernij
dutch_allwords.test.3696 vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.3697 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3698 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3699 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3700 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.3701 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3702 dragen_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.3703 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3704 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3705 weven
dutch_allwords.test.3706 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3707 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3708 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3709 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.3710 doordringen
dutch_allwords.test.3711 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.3712 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3713 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3714 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3715 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.3716 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3717 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3718 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3719 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3720 doden_V
dutch_allwords.test.3721 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3722 wapen_geweer
dutch_allwords.test.3723 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3724 welk
dutch_allwords.test.3725 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.3726 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3727 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3728 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3729 wurgen
dutch_allwords.test.3730 opscheppen_pochen
dutch_allwords.test.3731 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3732 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.3733 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3734 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.3735 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3736 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3737 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3738 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.3739 lekkernij
dutch_allwords.test.3740 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3741 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.3742 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.3743 vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.3744 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3745 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.3746 afsluiten_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.3747 mond_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.3748 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3749 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.3750 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3751 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3752 leugen
dutch_allwords.test.3753 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3754 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3755 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3756 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3757 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3758 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3759 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3760 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3761 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.3762 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3763 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.3764 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3765 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3766 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3767 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3768 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3769 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3770 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3771 sturen_zenden
dutch_allwords.test.3772 portret
dutch_allwords.test.3773 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3774 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3775 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3776 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3777 ontvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.3778 houden_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.3779 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3780 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.3781 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3782 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3783 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3784 op_slag
dutch_allwords.test.3785 op_slag
dutch_allwords.test.3786 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3787 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.3788 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3789 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.3790 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3791 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.3792 mij
dutch_allwords.test.3793 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3794 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3795 schurk_N
dutch_allwords.test.3796 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.3797 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.3798 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3799 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3800 zonnig
dutch_allwords.test.3801 dicht_nabij
dutch_allwords.test.3802 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3803 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3804 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.3805 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3806 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3807 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3808 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.3809 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3810 streng_N
dutch_allwords.test.3811 bewaken
dutch_allwords.test.3812 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3813 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3814 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3815 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3816 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3817 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3818 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.3819 donder_N
dutch_allwords.test.3820 rollen_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.3821 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3822 komen
dutch_allwords.test.3823 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3824 komen
dutch_allwords.test.3825 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3826 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.3827 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.3828 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3829 inktzwart
dutch_allwords.test.3830 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.3831 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.3832 ster_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.3833 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3834 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.3835 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3836 verwonderen
dutch_allwords.test.3837 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3838 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3839 edel
dutch_allwords.test.3840 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3841 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3842 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3843 verdriet_N
dutch_allwords.test.3844 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.3845 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3846 verlies_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.3847 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3848 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3849 geliefd
dutch_allwords.test.3850 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3851 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3852 traan
dutch_allwords.test.3853 opkunnen_tegen
dutch_allwords.test.3854 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3855 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3856 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3857 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3858 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3859 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.3860 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3861 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.3862 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.3863 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3864 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3865 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.3866 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3867 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3868 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.3869 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3870 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3871 donker_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.3872 wolk
dutch_allwords.test.3873 omgeven
dutch_allwords.test.3874 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3875 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.3876 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.3877 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3878 gezicht_aanblik
dutch_allwords.test.3879 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3880 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3881 terugkeren
dutch_allwords.test.3882 komen
dutch_allwords.test.3883 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.3884 smeken
dutch_allwords.test.3885 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3886 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.3887 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.3888 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3889 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3890 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3891 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3892 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.3893 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.3894 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3895 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.3896 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3897 fluit_N
dutch_allwords.test.3898 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3899 toverbel
dutch_allwords.test.3900 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3901 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3902 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3903 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.3904 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.3905 geest
dutch_allwords.test.3906 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3907 leiden_weg
dutch_allwords.test.3908 beloven
dutch_allwords.test.3909 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.3910 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3911 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3912 afscheid_N
dutch_allwords.test.3913 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3914 betreden
dutch_allwords.test.3915 waken
dutch_allwords.test.3916 geest
dutch_allwords.test.3917 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.3918 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.3919 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.3920 dwalen_zwerven
dutch_allwords.test.3921 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3922 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3923 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.3924 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3925 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.3926 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3927 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3928 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.3929 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3930 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3931 bleek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3932 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.3933 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.3934 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3935 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3936 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3937 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.3938 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3939 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3940 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3941 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3942 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3943 paars
dutch_allwords.test.3944 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3945 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.3946 verschrikkelijk_akelig
dutch_allwords.test.3947 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3948 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3949 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.3950 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3951 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.3952 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3953 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3954 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.3955 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3956 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.3957 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3958 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.3959 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3960 gemeen_oneerlijk
dutch_allwords.test.3961 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.3962 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.3963 vluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.3964 vatten_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.3965 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.3966 moed_durf
dutch_allwords.test.3967 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3968 vreemd
dutch_allwords.test.3969 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.3970 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3971 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3972 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.3973 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3974 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.3975 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.3976 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3977 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.3978 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.3979 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.3980 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3981 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3982 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.3983 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3984 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3985 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.3986 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.3987 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.3988 sturen_zenden
dutch_allwords.test.3989 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.3990 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3991 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.3992 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.3993 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.3994 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.3995 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.3996 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.3997 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.3998 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.3999 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4000 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4001 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4002 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.4003 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4004 op_slag
dutch_allwords.test.4005 op_slag
dutch_allwords.test.4006 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4007 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4008 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.4009 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4010 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4011 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4012 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4013 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4014 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4015 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4016 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4017 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4018 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.4019 verzuchten
dutch_allwords.test.4020 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4021 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.4022 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4023 vluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.4024 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.4025 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4026 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.4027 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4028 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4029 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.4030 geest
dutch_allwords.test.4031 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4032 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.4033 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4034 deur
dutch_allwords.test.4035 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4036 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4037 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.4038 leiden_weg
dutch_allwords.test.4039 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4040 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.4041 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4042 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.4043 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4044 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4045 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4046 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4047 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4048 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.4049 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4050 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.4051 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.4052 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4053 goed_juist
dutch_allwords.test.4054 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.4055 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4056 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4057 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4058 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.4059 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.4060 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.4061 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.4062 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4063 inspireren
dutch_allwords.test.4064 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4065 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4066 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.4067 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4068 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4069 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.4070 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4071 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4072 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4073 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4074 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4075 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4076 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4077 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4078 slecht
dutch_allwords.test.4079 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4080 beschermen
dutch_allwords.test.4081 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4082 slecht
dutch_allwords.test.4083 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4084 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4085 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.4086 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4087 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4088 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4089 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.4090 sinds_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4091 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4092 lid_club
dutch_allwords.test.4093 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4094 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4095 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.4096 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4097 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.4098 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4099 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4100 fluit_N
dutch_allwords.test.4101 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4102 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4103 dier
dutch_allwords.test.4104 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4105 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4106 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.4107 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4108 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4109 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.4110 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4111 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.4112 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4113 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4114 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4115 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.4116 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.4117 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.4118 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.4119 hoop_wens
dutch_allwords.test.4120 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.4121 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4122 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.4123 toon_N
dutch_allwords.test.4124 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4125 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4126 fluit_N
dutch_allwords.test.4127 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4128 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.4129 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4130 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4131 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4132 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4133 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4134 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4135 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4136 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4137 slaaf
dutch_allwords.test.4138 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4139 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4140 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.4141 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.4142 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4143 vluchteling
dutch_allwords.test.4144 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.4145 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.4146 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4147 binden_vastmaken
dutch_allwords.test.4148 vast_los
dutch_allwords.test.4149 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4150 ketting
dutch_allwords.test.4151 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4152 slaaf
dutch_allwords.test.4153 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4154 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4155 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.4156 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4157 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4158 toverbel
dutch_allwords.test.4159 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.4160 slaaf
dutch_allwords.test.4161 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.4162 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4163 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4164 ketting
dutch_allwords.test.4165 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.4166 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.4167 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.4168 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4169 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.4170 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4171 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.4172 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.4173 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4174 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.4175 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4176 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4177 bel_schel
dutch_allwords.test.4178 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4179 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4180 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4181 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4182 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4183 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4184 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.4185 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4186 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4187 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4188 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4189 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4190 la_muzieknoot
dutch_allwords.test.4191 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4192 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4193 klingelen
dutch_allwords.test.4194 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4195 bel_schel
dutch_allwords.test.4196 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4197 schallen
dutch_allwords.test.4198 trompet
dutch_allwords.test.4199 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4200 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4201 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4202 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4203 plechtig
dutch_allwords.test.4204 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.4205 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4206 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4207 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4208 leeuw
dutch_allwords.test.4209 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4210 wagen_N
dutch_allwords.test.4211 stappen_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.4212 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.4213 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4214 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4215 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.4216 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4217 vergeven_zonde
dutch_allwords.test.4218 mij
dutch_allwords.test.4219 smeken
dutch_allwords.test.4220 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4221 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4222 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4223 vanwege_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4224 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4225 gemeen_oneerlijk
dutch_allwords.test.4226 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4227 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4228 vluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.4229 vergeven_zonde
dutch_allwords.test.4230 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4231 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.4232 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4233 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4234 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4235 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4236 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.4237 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4238 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4239 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.4240 mij
dutch_allwords.test.4241 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4242 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4243 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.4244 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4245 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4246 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4247 duister_onduidelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4248 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4249 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.4250 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4251 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4252 uitspreken_klank
dutch_allwords.test.4253 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4254 sleuren
dutch_allwords.test.4255 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4256 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.4257 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4258 geliefde
dutch_allwords.test.4259 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4260 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4261 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.4262 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.4263 omhelzen
dutch_allwords.test.4264 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.4265 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4266 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4267 streng_N
dutch_allwords.test.4268 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.4269 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4270 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4271 zwaar_moeilijk
dutch_allwords.test.4272 proef_N
dutch_allwords.test.4273 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.4274 ondergaan_doormaken
dutch_allwords.test.4275 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4276 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4277 bewijzen_aantonen
dutch_allwords.test.4278 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4279 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4280 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4281 toelaten
dutch_allwords.test.4282 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4283 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4284 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4285 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4286 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.4287 pas_net
dutch_allwords.test.4288 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.4289 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4290 winnen_verliezen
dutch_allwords.test.4291 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4292 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4293 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4294 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4295 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4296 verwachten
dutch_allwords.test.4297 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.4298 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4299 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.4300 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4301 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4302 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4303 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.4304 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.4305 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4306 wegsturen
dutch_allwords.test.4307 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4308 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4309 slaaf
dutch_allwords.test.4310 straffen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4311 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4312 onvriendelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4313 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4314 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.4315 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.4316 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4317 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4318 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4319 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.4320 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4321 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4322 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.4323 vals_boosaardig
dutch_allwords.test.4324 gedachte
dutch_allwords.test.4325 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4326 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4327 af_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4328 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.4329 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.4330 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4331 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4332 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4333 plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.4334 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4335 treden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4336 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.4337 te_voorschijn
dutch_allwords.test.4338 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4339 slecht
dutch_allwords.test.4340 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.4341 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4342 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4343 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4344 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.4345 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4346 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4347 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4348 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4349 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.4350 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4351 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4352 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.4353 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4354 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4355 sturen_zenden
dutch_allwords.test.4356 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4357 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4358 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4359 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4360 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4361 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4362 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4363 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4364 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.4365 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4366 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.4367 doden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4368 drukken_duwen
dutch_allwords.test.4369 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4370 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4371 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.4372 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4373 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4374 duister_donker
dutch_allwords.test.4375 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4376 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4377 achterblijven_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4378 achter_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4379 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4380 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4381 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.4382 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4383 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.4384 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4385 fluit_N
dutch_allwords.test.4386 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4387 vol_van
dutch_allwords.test.4388 verlangen_N
dutch_allwords.test.4389 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4390 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.4391 troost_N
dutch_allwords.test.4392 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4393 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4394 verdriet_N
dutch_allwords.test.4395 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4396 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.4397 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.4398 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.4399 proeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.4400 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4401 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4402 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4403 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4404 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.4405 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4406 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.4407 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4408 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.4409 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.4410 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4411 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4412 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.4413 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4414 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4415 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4416 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.4417 zwijgen
dutch_allwords.test.4418 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4419 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4420 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4421 snikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.4422 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.4423 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4424 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.4425 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4426 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4427 minder_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4428 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.4429 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4430 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.4431 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4432 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.4433 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4434 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4435 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.4436 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4437 toverbel
dutch_allwords.test.4438 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4439 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4440 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4441 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.4442 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4443 lief_N
dutch_allwords.test.4444 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4445 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.4446 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4447 tikken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4448 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4449 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4450 stok_N
dutch_allwords.test.4451 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.4452 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4453 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.4454 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.4455 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4456 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.4457 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4458 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4459 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4460 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4461 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4462 liefste_N
dutch_allwords.test.4463 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.4464 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.4465 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4466 grootmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.4467 minuut
dutch_allwords.test.4468 minuut
dutch_allwords.test.4469 minuut
dutch_allwords.test.4470 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4471 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4472 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4473 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4474 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.4475 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4476 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.4477 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.4478 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.4479 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.4480 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4481 liefste_N
dutch_allwords.test.4482 beloven
dutch_allwords.test.4483 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.4484 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4485 mij
dutch_allwords.test.4486 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4487 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4488 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4489 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4490 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.4491 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4492 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4493 geven_aanreiken
dutch_allwords.test.4494 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.4495 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4496 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4497 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.4498 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4499 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4500 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4501 aanraken
dutch_allwords.test.4502 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.4503 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4504 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4505 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4506 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4507 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4508 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4509 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.4510 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4511 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4512 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4513 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4514 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4515 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4516 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4517 blindelings_zonder_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.4518 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.4519 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4520 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4521 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4522 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4523 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4524 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4525 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.4526 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.4527 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4528 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4529 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4530 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.4531 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.4532 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.4533 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.4534 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.4535 wanhoop_N
dutch_allwords.test.4536 opheffen
dutch_allwords.test.4537 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4538 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4539 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4540 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4541 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.4542 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4543 stoten_V
dutch_allwords.test.4544 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4545 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.4546 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4547 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.4548 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.4549 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.4550 geest
dutch_allwords.test.4551 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4552 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4553 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4554 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.4555 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.4556 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.4557 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4558 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4559 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4560 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4561 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.4562 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4563 gevaar
dutch_allwords.test.4564 overwinnen_verslaan
dutch_allwords.test.4565 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.4566 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4567 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4568 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4569 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4570 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4571 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4572 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4573 bijstaan_steunen
dutch_allwords.test.4574 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4575 beproeving
dutch_allwords.test.4576 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4577 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.4578 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4579 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4580 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.4581 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4582 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4583 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.4584 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.4585 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4586 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.4587 schieten_geweer
dutch_allwords.test.4588 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4589 vlam_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.4590 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4591 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4592 branden_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.4593 ander
dutch_allwords.test.4594 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.4595 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4596 oprijzen
dutch_allwords.test.4597 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4598 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4599 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.4600 stormachtig
dutch_allwords.test.4601 stromen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4602 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4603 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4604 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.4605 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4606 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.4607 geliefde
dutch_allwords.test.4608 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4609 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4610 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.4611 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.4612 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4613 vlam_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.4614 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4615 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4616 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.4617 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4618 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.4619 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.4620 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4621 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.4622 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4623 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.4624 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4625 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4626 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.4627 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4628 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4629 begroeten
dutch_allwords.test.4630 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4631 jubelen
dutch_allwords.test.4632 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4633 paar_twee
dutch_allwords.test.4634 jullie_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4635 moed_durf
dutch_allwords.test.4636 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4637 overwinnen_verslaan
dutch_allwords.test.4638 treden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4639 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.4640 deur
dutch_allwords.test.4641 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4642 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4643 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4644 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4645 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.4646 dwalen_zwerven
dutch_allwords.test.4647 rond_rondom
dutch_allwords.test.4648 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4649 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4650 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4651 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.4652 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4653 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4654 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.4655 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.4656 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4657 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.4658 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4659 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4660 ophangen_galg
dutch_allwords.test.4661 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4662 durven
dutch_allwords.test.4663 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4664 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.4665 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4666 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4667 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4668 tellen_123
dutch_allwords.test.4669 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4670 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4671 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4672 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.4673 geest
dutch_allwords.test.4674 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4675 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.4676 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4677 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.4678 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4679 dom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4680 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.4681 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4682 toverbel
dutch_allwords.test.4683 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4684 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4685 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4686 toverbel
dutch_allwords.test.4687 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.4688 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.4689 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4690 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4691 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.4692 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4693 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.4694 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4695 hippen
dutch_allwords.test.4696 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.4697 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4698 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.4699 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.4700 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.4701 onder_tijdens
dutch_allwords.test.4702 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4703 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.4704 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.4705 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4706 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4707 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4708 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4709 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4710 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.4711 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4712 man_echtgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.4713 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4714 vogelkind
dutch_allwords.test.4715 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.4716 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4717 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4718 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.4719 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4720 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4721 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.4722 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.4723 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4724 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4725 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.4726 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.4727 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4728 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4729 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.4730 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.4731 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.4732 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4733 nest_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.4734 zegenen
dutch_allwords.test.4735 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4736 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4737 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.4738 toezingen
dutch_allwords.test.4739 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4740 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4741 rond_rondom
dutch_allwords.test.4742 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4743 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4744 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4745 trap_ladder
dutch_allwords.test.4746 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4747 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.4748 wenken_V
dutch_allwords.test.4749 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.4750 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4751 hofdame
dutch_allwords.test.4752 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4753 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.4754 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4755 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4756 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.4757 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4758 verslaan_overwinnen
dutch_allwords.test.4759 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4760 stromen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4761 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4762 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.4763 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.4764 deur
dutch_allwords.test.4765 trap_ladder
dutch_allwords.test.4766 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4767 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.4768 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4769 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4770 grootheid_maat
dutch_allwords.test.4771 donder_N
dutch_allwords.test.4772 rollen_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.4773 bliksemstraal
dutch_allwords.test.4774 splijten
dutch_allwords.test.4775 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.4776 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.4777 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.4778 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4779 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4780 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.4781 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4782 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.4783 eeuwig
dutch_allwords.test.4784 donker_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.4785 wolk
dutch_allwords.test.4786 zweven
dutch_allwords.test.4787 omsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.4788 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4789 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4790 gezelschap_groep
dutch_allwords.test.4791 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4792 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.4793 verslaan_overwinnen
dutch_allwords.test.4794 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.4795 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4796 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4797 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.4798 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.4799 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.4800 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.4801 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4802 helder
dutch_allwords.test.4803 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.4804 priester
dutch_allwords.test.4805 komen
dutch_allwords.test.4806 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4807 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.4808 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.4809 geest
dutch_allwords.test.4810 aandragen
dutch_allwords.test.4811 bloemslinger
dutch_allwords.test.4812 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4813 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4814 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4815 onder_tijdens
dutch_allwords.test.4816 algemeen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4817 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4818 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4819 treden_V
dutch_allwords.test.4820 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4821 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4822 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4823 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4824 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4825 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.4826 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4827 bezingen
dutch_allwords.test.4828 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4829 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4830 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4831 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.4832 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4833 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.4834 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.4835 moerasachtig
dutch_allwords.test.4836 meer_N
dutch_allwords.test.4837 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.4838 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4839 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4840 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4841 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4842 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.4843 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4844 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4845 warrig
dutch_allwords.test.4846 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4847 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4848 priemen
dutch_allwords.test.4849 kraaloog
dutch_allwords.test.4850 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.4851 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.4852 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4853 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.4854 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4855 weer_N
dutch_allwords.test.4856 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4857 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.4858 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4859 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.4860 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4861 trol
dutch_allwords.test.4862 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4863 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4864 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.4865 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.4866 gieren_lachen
dutch_allwords.test.4867 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4868 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4869 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4870 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.4871 trol
dutch_allwords.test.4872 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4873 licht_donker
dutch_allwords.test.4874 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.4875 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4876 groot
dutch_allwords.test.4877 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4878 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4879 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4880 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4881 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.4882 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4883 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.4884 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4885 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4886 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.4887 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4888 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4889 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.4890 bijzonder_speciaal
dutch_allwords.test.4891 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.4892 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.4893 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.4894 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4895 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.4896 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4897 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.4898 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4899 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4900 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.4901 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4902 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4903 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4904 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.4905 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4906 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4907 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.4908 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4909 trollenvriend
dutch_allwords.test.4910 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4911 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4912 dansen_wild_bewegen
dutch_allwords.test.4913 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4914 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.4915 vinnig
dutch_allwords.test.4916 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.4917 ander
dutch_allwords.test.4918 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.4919 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4920 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4921 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.4922 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4923 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4924 trol
dutch_allwords.test.4925 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.4926 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.4927 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4928 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4929 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4930 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4931 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.4932 innig
dutch_allwords.test.4933 wens_N
dutch_allwords.test.4934 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4935 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4936 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4937 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4938 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4939 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4940 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.4941 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.4942 bijzonder_speciaal
dutch_allwords.test.4943 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4944 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.4945 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.4946 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.4947 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4948 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.4949 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.4950 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.4951 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.4952 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4953 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.4954 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.4955 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4956 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.4957 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4958 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.4959 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4960 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.4961 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4962 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4963 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.4964 klein
dutch_allwords.test.4965 ineenduiken
dutch_allwords.test.4966 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.4967 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4968 muur
dutch_allwords.test.4969 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4970 bemost
dutch_allwords.test.4971 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.4972 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4973 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.4974 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.4975 dier
dutch_allwords.test.4976 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.4977 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4978 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4979 bosvolk
dutch_allwords.test.4980 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4981 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.4982 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.4983 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.4984 afturen
dutch_allwords.test.4985 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.4986 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.4987 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.4988 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.4989 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.4990 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4991 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.4992 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.4993 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.4994 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.4995 langskomen
dutch_allwords.test.4996 langskomen
dutch_allwords.test.4997 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4998 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.4999 enkel_alleen
dutch_allwords.test.5000 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.5001 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.5002 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5003 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.5004 kind
dutch_allwords.test.5005 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5006 bosbes
dutch_allwords.test.5007 plukken
dutch_allwords.test.5008 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5009 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5010 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5011 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5012 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.5013 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.5014 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5015 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5016 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5017 meevoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5018 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.5019 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5020 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5021 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5022 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5023 klank
dutch_allwords.test.5024 vanuit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5025 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5026 dorp
dutch_allwords.test.5027 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5028 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5029 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5030 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5031 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5032 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5033 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5034 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.5035 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5036 kerkklok
dutch_allwords.test.5037 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5038 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5039 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5040 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5041 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.5042 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5043 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5044 doordringen
dutch_allwords.test.5045 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.5046 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.5047 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5048 onweerstaanbaar
dutch_allwords.test.5049 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5050 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5051 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5052 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5053 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.5054 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.5055 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5056 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5057 bang
dutch_allwords.test.5058 schaduw_N
dutch_allwords.test.5059 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5060 weten
dutch_allwords.test.5061 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5062 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.5063 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5064 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5065 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5066 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.5067 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.5068 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.5069 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5070 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5071 besneeuwd
dutch_allwords.test.5072 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5073 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.5074 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5075 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5076 verlicht_donker
dutch_allwords.test.5077 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.5078 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5079 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.5080 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5081 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5082 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5083 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.5084 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5085 ijsbloem
dutch_allwords.test.5086 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.5087 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5088 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5089 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5090 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.5091 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.5092 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.5093 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5094 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.5095 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5096 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5097 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.5098 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5099 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.5100 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5101 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5102 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5103 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5104 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5105 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5106 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5107 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5108 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.5109 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5110 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5111 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5112 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.5113 gluren
dutch_allwords.test.5114 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5115 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5116 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.5117 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5118 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5119 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.5120 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.5121 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5122 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5123 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5124 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5125 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5126 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5127 belangrijk_betekenisvol
dutch_allwords.test.5128 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.5129 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.5130 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5131 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.5132 snee_brood
dutch_allwords.test.5133 afsnijden_mes
dutch_allwords.test.5134 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5135 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5136 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5137 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5138 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5139 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5140 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.5141 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.5142 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5143 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5144 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5145 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5146 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5147 weten
dutch_allwords.test.5148 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5149 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.5150 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5151 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5152 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5153 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5154 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.5155 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5156 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5157 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.5158 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5159 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5160 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5161 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5162 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.5163 besluiten_beslissen
dutch_allwords.test.5164 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5165 dier
dutch_allwords.test.5166 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5167 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5168 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5169 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5170 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5171 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5172 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5173 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5174 verschrikkelijk_intensifier
dutch_allwords.test.5175 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.5176 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5177 durven
dutch_allwords.test.5178 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5179 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5180 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5181 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5182 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5183 weten
dutch_allwords.test.5184 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5185 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5186 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5187 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.5188 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5189 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5190 zomers
dutch_allwords.test.5191 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5192 vanuit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5193 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5194 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5195 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.5196 kind
dutch_allwords.test.5197 bes
dutch_allwords.test.5198 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5199 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.5200 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5201 beker_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.5202 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5203 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5204 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5205 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5206 groot
dutch_allwords.test.5207 legen
dutch_allwords.test.5208 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5209 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5210 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.5211 raad_advies
dutch_allwords.test.5212 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5213 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5214 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5215 opvolgen_raad
dutch_allwords.test.5216 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5217 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5218 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5219 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.5220 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5221 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5222 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.5223 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5224 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.5225 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5226 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5227 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.5228 schep_voorwerp
dutch_allwords.test.5229 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.5230 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5231 kind
dutch_allwords.test.5232 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5233 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.5234 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.5235 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.5236 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5237 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5238 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5239 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5240 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.5241 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.5242 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5243 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5244 kind
dutch_allwords.test.5245 beker_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.5246 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5247 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5248 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5249 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5250 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5251 ook_misschien
dutch_allwords.test.5252 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5253 dank_N
dutch_allwords.test.5254 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5255 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5256 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.5257 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5258 groot
dutch_allwords.test.5259 dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5260 dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5261 dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5262 dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5263 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5264 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5265 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5266 kind
dutch_allwords.test.5267 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5268 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5269 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5270 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5271 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5272 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.5273 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.5274 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.5275 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.5276 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.5277 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.5278 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5279 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5280 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.5281 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5282 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5283 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5284 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5285 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5286 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5287 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.5288 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5289 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5290 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5291 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.5292 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5293 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5294 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5295 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5296 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5297 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5298 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.5299 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5300 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5301 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5302 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5303 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.5304 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5305 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5306 prettig
dutch_allwords.test.5307 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5308 hoe_ook
dutch_allwords.test.5309 hoe_ook
dutch_allwords.test.5310 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5311 durven
dutch_allwords.test.5312 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5313 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5314 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5315 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5316 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5317 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5318 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5319 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5320 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5321 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5322 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5323 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.5324 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5325 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5326 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5327 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.5328 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5329 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5330 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5331 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5332 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5333 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5334 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.5335 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5336 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.5337 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5338 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.5339 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.5340 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.5341 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5342 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5343 bezielen
dutch_allwords.test.5344 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5345 groeien
dutch_allwords.test.5346 verschrikkelijk_intensifier
dutch_allwords.test.5347 hard_snel
dutch_allwords.test.5348 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5349 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.5350 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.5351 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.5352 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5353 horen_behoren(norm)
dutch_allwords.test.5354 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5355 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5356 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.5357 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5358 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5359 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.5360 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5361 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5362 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5363 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5364 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5365 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5366 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5367 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5368 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5369 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5370 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5371 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.5372 verdragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5373 plagen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5374 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5375 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.5376 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5377 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5378 veel
dutch_allwords.test.5379 zomer
dutch_allwords.test.5380 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5381 voorbijgaan
dutch_allwords.test.5382 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5383 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5384 aanbreken
dutch_allwords.test.5385 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5386 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.5387 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5388 behulpzaam
dutch_allwords.test.5389 bijzonder_speciaal
dutch_allwords.test.5390 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5391 regelmatig_geregeld
dutch_allwords.test.5392 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5393 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5394 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5395 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5396 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5397 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.5398 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.5399 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.5400 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.5401 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.5402 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5403 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5404 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.5405 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5406 helder
dutch_allwords.test.5407 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5408 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.5409 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5410 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5411 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5412 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5413 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5414 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.5415 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5416 zijn_best_doen
dutch_allwords.test.5417 zijn_best_doen
dutch_allwords.test.5418 uiterst
dutch_allwords.test.5419 zijn_best_doen
dutch_allwords.test.5420 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5421 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5422 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5423 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5424 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.5425 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5426 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.5427 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5428 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5429 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.5430 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5431 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5432 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5433 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5434 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5435 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.5436 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5437 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.5438 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5439 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.5440 eens_eenmalig
dutch_allwords.test.5441 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5442 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.5443 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5444 dreigen
dutch_allwords.test.5445 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5446 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5447 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5448 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.5449 overkomen_gebeuren
dutch_allwords.test.5450 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.5451 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5452 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5453 groot
dutch_allwords.test.5454 aanlopen_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.5455 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5456 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5457 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5458 omdraaien_teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.5459 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5460 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5461 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5462 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5463 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5464 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.5465 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5466 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5467 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5468 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5469 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5470 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5471 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5472 voor_het_laatst
dutch_allwords.test.5473 voor_het_laatst
dutch_allwords.test.5474 voor_het_laatst
dutch_allwords.test.5475 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5476 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5477 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5478 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5479 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5480 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5481 onzichtbaar
dutch_allwords.test.5482 zorgen_voor
dutch_allwords.test.5483 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5484 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5485 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.5486 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.5487 paddestoel
dutch_allwords.test.5488 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5489 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5490 wie_ook
dutch_allwords.test.5491 wie_ook
dutch_allwords.test.5492 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5493 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5494 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5495 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5496 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5497 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5498 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5499 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5500 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5501 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5502 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5503 om_vanwege
dutch_allwords.test.5504 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.5505 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5506 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5507 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5508 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5509 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5510 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.5511 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.5512 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.5513 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5514 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5515 durven
dutch_allwords.test.5516 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5517 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5518 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5519 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5520 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5521 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5522 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5523 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5524 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5525 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5526 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.5527 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5528 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5529 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5530 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5531 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.5532 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.5533 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5534 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5535 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5536 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5537 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5538 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5539 menen_denken
dutch_allwords.test.5540 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5541 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5542 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5543 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5544 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5545 weten
dutch_allwords.test.5546 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5547 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5548 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5549 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5550 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5551 ademen
dutch_allwords.test.5552 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5553 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5554 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5555 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5556 ijsbloem
dutch_allwords.test.5557 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5558 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.5559 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5560 verzoek_N
dutch_allwords.test.5561 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5562 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5563 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.5564 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5565 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5566 enig_alleen
dutch_allwords.test.5567 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5568 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5569 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5570 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5571 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5572 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5573 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5574 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.5575 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5576 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5577 zilver
dutch_allwords.test.5578 kruis_vorm
dutch_allwords.test.5579 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5580 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5581 brengen_inbep.toestand
dutch_allwords.test.5582 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5583 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5584 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5585 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.5586 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5587 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5588 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.5589 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5590 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5591 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5592 weglopen
dutch_allwords.test.5593 nakijken_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5594 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5595 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.5596 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5597 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5598 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5599 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.5600 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5601 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5602 te_voorschijn
dutch_allwords.test.5603 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.5604 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5605 kruis_vorm
dutch_allwords.test.5606 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5607 edelsteen
dutch_allwords.test.5608 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5609 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.5610 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.5611 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5612 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.5613 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5614 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5615 kruis_vorm
dutch_allwords.test.5616 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5617 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.5618 betekenen_belangrijk_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.5619 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5620 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5621 strelen
dutch_allwords.test.5622 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5623 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.5624 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5625 verstoppen_verbergen
dutch_allwords.test.5626 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5627 onder_tussen
dutch_allwords.test.5628 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5629 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5630 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5631 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5632 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5633 verlangen_N
dutch_allwords.test.5634 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5635 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5636 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5637 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5638 groot
dutch_allwords.test.5639 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5640 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.5641 winters
dutch_allwords.test.5642 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5643 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5644 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5645 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5646 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5647 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5648 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5649 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.5650 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5651 opzoeken_proberentevinden
dutch_allwords.test.5652 dier
dutch_allwords.test.5653 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5654 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5655 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5656 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.5657 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5658 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.5659 klein
dutch_allwords.test.5660 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5661 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5662 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.5663 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.5664 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5665 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5666 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5667 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5668 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5669 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5670 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5671 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5672 plagen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5673 treiteren
dutch_allwords.test.5674 venijnig
dutch_allwords.test.5675 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5676 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5677 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5678 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.5679 nu_tegenwoordig
dutch_allwords.test.5680 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.5681 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5682 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5683 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5684 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.5685 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5686 wegkomen
dutch_allwords.test.5687 horen_plaats(...bij)
dutch_allwords.test.5688 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5689 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5690 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.5691 wegjagen
dutch_allwords.test.5692 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5693 wegjagen
dutch_allwords.test.5694 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5695 horen_plaats(...bij)
dutch_allwords.test.5696 nergens_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5697 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5698 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5699 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5700 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5701 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5702 trol
dutch_allwords.test.5703 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5704 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5705 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.5706 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5707 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5708 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5709 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5710 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5711 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.5712 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5713 dat_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5714 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5715 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5716 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.5717 beven
dutch_allwords.test.5718 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.5719 last_hinder
dutch_allwords.test.5720 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5721 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5722 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.5723 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5724 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.5725 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5726 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.5727 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5728 zwerven
dutch_allwords.test.5729 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5730 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5731 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5732 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.5733 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5734 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5735 dorp
dutch_allwords.test.5736 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5737 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5738 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5739 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5740 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5741 moe_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5742 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5743 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5744 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5745 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.5746 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.5747 zakken_V
dutch_allwords.test.5748 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5749 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.5750 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5751 klok_bel
dutch_allwords.test.5752 luiden_klok
dutch_allwords.test.5753 weten
dutch_allwords.test.5754 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5755 kerstklok
dutch_allwords.test.5756 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5757 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5758 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5759 luiden_klok
dutch_allwords.test.5760 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.5761 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5762 moed_durf
dutch_allwords.test.5763 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5764 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5765 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5766 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.5767 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5768 verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.5769 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5770 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5771 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5772 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5773 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.5774 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5775 slede
dutch_allwords.test.5776 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5777 fakkel
dutch_allwords.test.5778 paard
dutch_allwords.test.5779 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5780 zilver
dutch_allwords.test.5781 kruis_vorm
dutch_allwords.test.5782 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5783 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5784 uitstralen
dutch_allwords.test.5785 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.5786 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5787 zacht_kracht
dutch_allwords.test.5788 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5789 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.5790 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5791 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5792 kerk
dutch_allwords.test.5793 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5794 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5795 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5796 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5797 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.5798 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5799 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5800 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.5801 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5802 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5803 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5804 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.5805 ademen
dutch_allwords.test.5806 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5807 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5808 glas_stof
dutch_allwords.test.5809 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5810 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.5811 ijs_water
dutch_allwords.test.5812 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5813 ruit_glas
dutch_allwords.test.5814 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.5815 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5816 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5817 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5818 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.5819 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5820 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5821 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5822 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5823 glas_stof
dutch_allwords.test.5824 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5825 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5826 ijs_water
dutch_allwords.test.5827 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.5828 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.5829 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5830 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.5831 komen
dutch_allwords.test.5832 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.5833 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5834 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.5835 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5836 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.5837 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5838 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.5839 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5840 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5841 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5842 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.5843 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5844 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5845 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5846 glas_stof
dutch_allwords.test.5847 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5848 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.5849 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.5850 ijsbloem
dutch_allwords.test.5851 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5852 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5853 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5854 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5855 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5856 ruit_glas
dutch_allwords.test.5857 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.5858 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.5859 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.5860 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5861 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.5862 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5863 donker_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.5864 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.5865 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5866 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5867 glas_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.5868 drukken_duwen
dutch_allwords.test.5869 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5870 ophouden
dutch_allwords.test.5871 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5872 zilver
dutch_allwords.test.5873 kruis_vorm
dutch_allwords.test.5874 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5875 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5876 ophouden
dutch_allwords.test.5877 onzichtbaar
dutch_allwords.test.5878 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.5879 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5880 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.5881 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.5882 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5883 welkom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5884 haasten_V
dutch_allwords.test.5885 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.5886 rij_N
dutch_allwords.test.5887 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5888 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.5889 opendoen
dutch_allwords.test.5890 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5891 opendoen
dutch_allwords.test.5892 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5893 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5894 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.5895 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5896 slank
dutch_allwords.test.5897 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5898 bont_vacht
dutch_allwords.test.5899 hullen
dutch_allwords.test.5900 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.5901 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.5902 vallen
dutch_allwords.test.5903 langs_evenwijdig
dutch_allwords.test.5904 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5905 bleek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5906 bevend
dutch_allwords.test.5907 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.5908 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.5909 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5910 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.5911 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.5912 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5913 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.5914 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5915 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.5916 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5917 leiden_weg
dutch_allwords.test.5918 licht_donker
dutch_allwords.test.5919 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5920 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5921 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5922 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5923 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5924 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.5925 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5926 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5927 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5928 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5929 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.5930 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.5931 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5932 soortgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.5933 verdrijven
dutch_allwords.test.5934 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5935 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.5936 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5937 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.5938 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.5939 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5940 welkom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5941 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5942 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5943 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5944 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5945 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.5946 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5947 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.5948 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5949 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.5950 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5951 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.5952 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5953 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5954 man_echtgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.5955 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.5956 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5957 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.5958 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.5959 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.5960 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5961 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5962 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5963 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.5964 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.5965 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.5966 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.5967 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.5968 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5969 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5970 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.5971 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5972 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5973 weinig
dutch_allwords.test.5974 haartje
dutch_allwords.test.5975 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5976 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.5977 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.5978 onderscheiden_zich
dutch_allwords.test.5979 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5980 ander
dutch_allwords.test.5981 trollenbaby
dutch_allwords.test.5982 tenminste_althans
dutch_allwords.test.5983 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.5984 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.5985 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.5986 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.5987 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5988 wenkbrauw
dutch_allwords.test.5989 fronsen
dutch_allwords.test.5990 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5991 mond_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.5992 openen_openmaken
dutch_allwords.test.5993 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.5994 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.5995 schreeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.5996 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.5997 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.5998 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.5999 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6000 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.6001 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.6002 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.6003 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.6004 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.6005 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6006 piepen
dutch_allwords.test.6007 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6008 weten
dutch_allwords.test.6009 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6010 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.6011 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.6012 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6013 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.6014 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.6015 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6016 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6017 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6018 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.6019 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.6020 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6021 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6022 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6023 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.6024 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6025 toedekken
dutch_allwords.test.6026 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6027 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6028 varen_N
dutch_allwords.test.6029 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6030 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6031 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6032 kind
dutch_allwords.test.6033 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.6034 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6035 slaap_moe
dutch_allwords.test.6036 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6037 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6038 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6039 maan_N
dutch_allwords.test.6040 zijdezacht
dutch_allwords.test.6041 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.6042 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.6043 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.6044 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6045 wondermooi
dutch_allwords.test.6046 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.6047 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6048 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.6049 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6050 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6051 droom_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.6052 weven
dutch_allwords.test.6053 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6054 kostbaar
dutch_allwords.test.6055 stof_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.6056 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6057 stof_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.6058 naaien
dutch_allwords.test.6059 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6060 kleed_N
dutch_allwords.test.6061 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.6062 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6063 verwarmen
dutch_allwords.test.6064 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6065 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6066 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6067 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6068 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.6069 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6070 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6071 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6072 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.6073 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6074 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.6075 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.6076 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6077 staren
dutch_allwords.test.6078 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6079 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6080 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.6081 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6082 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6083 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.6084 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6085 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6086 ook_misschien
dutch_allwords.test.6087 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6088 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.6089 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.6090 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6091 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6092 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6093 wakker_slim
dutch_allwords.test.6094 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6095 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.6096 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6097 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.6098 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6099 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.6100 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6101 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6102 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.6103 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.6104 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.6105 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.6106 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.6107 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6108 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.6109 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.6110 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6111 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6112 maand
dutch_allwords.test.6113 oud_leeftijd
dutch_allwords.test.6114 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.6115 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.6116 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6117 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6118 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6119 lepel_N
dutch_allwords.test.6120 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6121 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6122 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.6123 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6124 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6125 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6126 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6127 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6128 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6129 wat_er_ook_gebeurt
dutch_allwords.test.6130 wat_er_ook_gebeurt
dutch_allwords.test.6131 wat_er_ook_gebeurt
dutch_allwords.test.6132 wat_er_ook_gebeurt
dutch_allwords.test.6133 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6134 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.6135 enkel_een_paar
dutch_allwords.test.6136 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6137 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6138 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6139 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.6140 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6141 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.6142 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.6143 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6144 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6145 fronsen
dutch_allwords.test.6146 wenkbrauw
dutch_allwords.test.6147 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6148 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6149 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6150 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6151 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.6152 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6153 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.6154 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6155 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6156 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.6157 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.6158 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6159 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.6160 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.6161 kloppen_deur
dutch_allwords.test.6162 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6163 weten
dutch_allwords.test.6164 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.6165 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6166 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6167 man_echtgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.6168 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6169 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6170 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6171 opgroeien
dutch_allwords.test.6172 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6173 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6174 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.6175 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6176 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.6177 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6178 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6179 zacht_stof
dutch_allwords.test.6180 bruin
dutch_allwords.test.6181 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6182 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6183 trol
dutch_allwords.test.6184 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.6185 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6186 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.6187 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.6188 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6189 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6190 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6191 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.6192 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6193 stom_stem
dutch_allwords.test.6194 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.6195 in_een_oogwenk
dutch_allwords.test.6196 in_een_oogwenk
dutch_allwords.test.6197 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6198 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6199 mand
dutch_allwords.test.6200 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.6201 bosbes
dutch_allwords.test.6202 plukken
dutch_allwords.test.6203 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.6204 even_gelijk
dutch_allwords.test.6205 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.6206 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6207 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.6208 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6209 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6210 goud
dutch_allwords.test.6211 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.6212 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.6213 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6214 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6215 bereiken
dutch_allwords.test.6216 meest
dutch_allwords.test.6217 trollenkind
dutch_allwords.test.6218 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.6219 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.6220 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6221 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.6222 wijzen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6223 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6224 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6225 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6226 richting_kant
dutch_allwords.test.6227 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6228 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.6229 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6230 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6231 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.6232 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6233 vertrekken_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.6234 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6235 kant_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6236 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.6237 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6238 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.6239 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6240 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6241 aanstalten_maken
dutch_allwords.test.6242 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6243 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6244 vertrekken_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.6245 doorgaan_verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.6246 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.6247 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6248 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6249 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.6250 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6251 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6252 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6253 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6254 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6255 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6256 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.6257 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6258 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6259 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6260 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6261 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6262 huis
dutch_allwords.test.6263 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6264 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.6265 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6266 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6267 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.6268 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6269 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.6270 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.6271 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6272 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6273 drempel_plankje
dutch_allwords.test.6274 omdraaien_iets
dutch_allwords.test.6275 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6276 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.6277 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6278 zwaaien_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.6279 wegggaan
dutch_allwords.test.6280 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6281 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6282 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6283 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6284 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6285 terugkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6286 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6287 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.6288 weten
dutch_allwords.test.6289 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.6290 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.6291 pad_weg
dutch_allwords.test.6292 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6293 man_echtgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.6294 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6295 nemen_
dutch_allwords.test.6296 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6297 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6298 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6299 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6300 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6301 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.6302 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6303 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.6304 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6305 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.6306 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6307 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6308 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6309 herinneren
dutch_allwords.test.6310 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6311 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6312 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6313 slaap_moe
dutch_allwords.test.6314 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6315 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.6316 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.6317 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6318 land_staat
dutch_allwords.test.6319 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6320 dal
dutch_allwords.test.6321 nevel
dutch_allwords.test.6322 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6323 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6324 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6325 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6326 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6327 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6328 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6329 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6330 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6331 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6332 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6333 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.6334 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.6335 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6336 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.6337 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6338 reppen
dutch_allwords.test.6339 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6340 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.6341 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6342 vertrek_reis
dutch_allwords.test.6343 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6344 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6345 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6346 gedachte
dutch_allwords.test.6347 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6348 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.6349 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6350 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6351 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6352 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6353 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6354 huis
dutch_allwords.test.6355 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6356 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6357 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6358 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.6359 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6360 trekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.6361 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6362 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.6363 kleur_N
dutch_allwords.test.6364 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6365 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6366 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6367 trollenmoeder
dutch_allwords.test.6368 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6369 midden_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6370 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6371 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6372 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.6373 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6374 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6375 opstaan_staan
dutch_allwords.test.6376 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6377 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6378 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.6379 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6380 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6381 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6382 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.6383 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6384 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.6385 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6386 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6387 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.6388 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6389 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6390 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6391 leunen
dutch_allwords.test.6392 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6393 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6394 elleboog
dutch_allwords.test.6395 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6396 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.6397 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6398 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.6399 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6400 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.6401 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6402 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6403 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.6404 zakken_V
dutch_allwords.test.6405 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.6406 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6407 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6408 kraken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.6409 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.6410 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6411 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6412 kraken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.6413 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6414 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6415 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6416 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.6417 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.6418 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6419 laken_N
dutch_allwords.test.6420 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.6421 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6422 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.6423 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6424 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.6425 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6426 morgen_N
dutch_allwords.test.6427 gaan_beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6428 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6429 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6430 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6431 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.6432 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6433 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6434 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6435 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6436 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.6437 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6438 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.6439 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6440 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6441 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6442 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6443 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6444 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6445 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.6446 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6447 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6448 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.6449 begroeien
dutch_allwords.test.6450 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6451 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6452 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6453 laag_N
dutch_allwords.test.6454 zilvergrijs
dutch_allwords.test.6455 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6456 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6457 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.6458 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.6459 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6460 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6461 heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.6462 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6463 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.6464 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6465 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6466 gedachte
dutch_allwords.test.6467 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6468 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6469 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.6470 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6471 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6472 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.6473 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6474 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6475 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6476 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6477 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6478 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.6479 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6480 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6481 streng_N
dutch_allwords.test.6482 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.6483 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6484 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.6485 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6486 afbreken_slopen
dutch_allwords.test.6487 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6488 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.6489 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6490 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6491 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6492 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6493 stoppen_in
dutch_allwords.test.6494 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6495 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.6496 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6497 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6498 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.6499 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.6500 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6501 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6502 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6503 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6504 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.6505 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6506 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.6507 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6508 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6509 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6510 hijsen_optillen
dutch_allwords.test.6511 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6512 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6513 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.6514 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6515 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6516 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6517 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6518 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6519 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6520 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6521 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6522 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.6523 wegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6524 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6525 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.6526 verwachten
dutch_allwords.test.6527 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6528 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6529 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6530 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.6531 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6532 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6533 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6534 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6535 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6536 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6537 neerzetten
dutch_allwords.test.6538 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6539 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6540 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6541 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6542 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6543 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6544 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6545 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6546 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6547 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.6548 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6549 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6550 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6551 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6552 vreemd
dutch_allwords.test.6553 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.6554 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.6555 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6556 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6557 ruk_N
dutch_allwords.test.6558 omdraaien_iets
dutch_allwords.test.6559 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6560 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6561 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.6562 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6563 klein
dutch_allwords.test.6564 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.6565 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6566 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6567 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6568 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6569 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.6570 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6571 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6572 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.6573 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6574 reiken_tot
dutch_allwords.test.6575 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6576 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6577 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.6578 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6579 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.6580 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.6581 weten
dutch_allwords.test.6582 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6583 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6584 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6585 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6586 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6587 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6588 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6589 helpen_baten
dutch_allwords.test.6590 horen_plaats(...bij)
dutch_allwords.test.6591 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6592 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6593 wang
dutch_allwords.test.6594 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6595 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.6596 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.6597 rood
dutch_allwords.test.6598 bes
dutch_allwords.test.6599 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.6600 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6601 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6602 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6603 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.6604 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6605 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6606 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6607 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6608 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6609 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6610 wijzen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6611 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6612 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6613 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.6614 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6615 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.6616 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6617 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.6618 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6619 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.6620 weten
dutch_allwords.test.6621 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6622 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6623 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6624 gedachte
dutch_allwords.test.6625 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.6626 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6627 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6628 land_staat
dutch_allwords.test.6629 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6630 schaduw_N
dutch_allwords.test.6631 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6632 reiken_tot
dutch_allwords.test.6633 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6634 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6635 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.6636 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6637 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6638 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.6639 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6640 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6641 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.6642 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6643 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.6644 wijzen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6645 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6646 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6647 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6648 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6649 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.6650 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6651 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6652 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6653 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.6654 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6655 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6656 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6657 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.6658 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6659 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.6660 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6661 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6662 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6663 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.6664 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6665 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6666 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6667 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.6668 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.6669 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6670 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6671 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6672 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6673 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6674 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.6675 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6676 last_hinder
dutch_allwords.test.6677 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6678 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6679 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6680 geschenk
dutch_allwords.test.6681 meebrengen
dutch_allwords.test.6682 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.6683 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.6684 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6685 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6686 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6687 onvriendelijk
dutch_allwords.test.6688 toon_N
dutch_allwords.test.6689 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6690 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6691 meest
dutch_allwords.test.6692 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6693 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.6694 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.6695 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6696 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.6697 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6698 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.6699 herinnering_aandenken
dutch_allwords.test.6700 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6701 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6702 mager
dutch_allwords.test.6703 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6704 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6705 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6706 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6707 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6708 streng_N
dutch_allwords.test.6709 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.6710 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.6711 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.6712 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.6713 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6714 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6715 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6716 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6717 opvangen_vangen
dutch_allwords.test.6718 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6719 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6720 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.6721 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.6722 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.6723 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6724 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6725 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.6726 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6727 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6728 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6729 spijt_N
dutch_allwords.test.6730 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6731 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.6732 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6733 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6734 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.6735 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.6736 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6737 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.6738 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.6739 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.6740 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6741 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6742 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6743 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6744 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.6745 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6746 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6747 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.6748 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6749 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6750 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.6751 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6752 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6753 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6754 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6755 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.6756 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.6757 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.6758 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6759 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6760 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6761 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6762 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6763 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6764 gewicht_zwaarte
dutch_allwords.test.6765 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6766 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6767 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6768 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6769 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6770 licht_zwaar
dutch_allwords.test.6771 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.6772 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.6773 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6774 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6775 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6776 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6777 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6778 kort_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.6779 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.6780 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6781 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.6782 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6783 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6784 leiden_weg
dutch_allwords.test.6785 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6786 doel_bedoeling
dutch_allwords.test.6787 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6788 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.6789 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6790 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6791 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6792 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6793 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.6794 schaduw_N
dutch_allwords.test.6795 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6796 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.6797 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6798 ten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6799 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.6800 geheel_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6801 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6802 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6803 duister_donker
dutch_allwords.test.6804 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.6805 haasten_V
dutch_allwords.test.6806 voortmaken
dutch_allwords.test.6807 hijgen
dutch_allwords.test.6808 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6809 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.6810 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6811 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6812 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6813 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6814 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6815 voortmaken
dutch_allwords.test.6816 dochter
dutch_allwords.test.6817 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6818 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.6819 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6820 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.6821 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6822 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6823 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.6824 aanbreken_moment
dutch_allwords.test.6825 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6826 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6827 moe_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6828 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6829 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6830 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.6831 ijskoud_koud
dutch_allwords.test.6832 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6833 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.6834 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.6835 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6836 stil_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.6837 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.6838 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6839 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6840 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.6841 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.6842 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6843 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.6844 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6845 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6846 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.6847 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6848 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.6849 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6850 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6851 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.6852 kloppen_deur
dutch_allwords.test.6853 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6854 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6855 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.6856 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.6857 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6858 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6859 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6860 enkel_een_paar
dutch_allwords.test.6861 klein
dutch_allwords.test.6862 onvolgroeid
dutch_allwords.test.6863 denneboom
dutch_allwords.test.6864 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6865 stil_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.6866 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6867 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6868 vertrouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6869 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6870 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6871 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6872 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6873 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.6874 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6875 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6876 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6877 tast_N
dutch_allwords.test.6878 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6879 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.6880 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.6881 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6882 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6883 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.6884 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6885 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6886 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6887 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6888 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.6889 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.6890 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6891 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.6892 mij
dutch_allwords.test.6893 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6894 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6895 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.6896 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6897 ruiken
dutch_allwords.test.6898 geur_N
dutch_allwords.test.6899 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6900 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.6901 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.6902 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6903 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6904 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6905 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.6906 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.6907 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.6908 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6909 schuld_verantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.6910 dat_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6911 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6912 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.6913 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6914 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6915 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6916 treuzelen
dutch_allwords.test.6917 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6918 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6919 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6920 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6921 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6922 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6923 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.6924 hijsen_optillen
dutch_allwords.test.6925 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.6926 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.6927 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.6928 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6929 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6930 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6931 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.6932 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6933 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6934 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.6935 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6936 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.6937 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6938 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.6939 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6940 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.6941 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.6942 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.6943 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6944 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6945 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.6946 herinnering_aandenken
dutch_allwords.test.6947 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6948 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6949 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.6950 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6951 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.6952 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.6953 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6954 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.6955 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6956 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6957 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.6958 graspol
dutch_allwords.test.6959 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6960 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6961 kort_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6962 zwijgen
dutch_allwords.test.6963 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.6964 wijzen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6965 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6966 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6967 kant_richting
dutch_allwords.test.6968 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6969 dom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.6970 manen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6971 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.6972 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6973 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.6974 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.6975 ritselen
dutch_allwords.test.6976 graspol
dutch_allwords.test.6977 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.6978 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.6979 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.6980 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6981 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.6982 herinneren
dutch_allwords.test.6983 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6984 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.6985 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.6986 spoed_N
dutch_allwords.test.6987 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6988 manen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6989 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.6990 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.6991 blindelings_zonder_kijken
dutch_allwords.test.6992 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.6993 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.6994 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.6995 richting_kant
dutch_allwords.test.6996 kort_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.6997 komen
dutch_allwords.test.6998 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.6999 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.7000 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7001 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7002 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7003 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7004 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7005 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.7006 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.7007 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.7008 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7009 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7010 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7011 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7012 hoog_groot
dutch_allwords.test.7013 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.7014 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7015 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7016 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7017 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7018 uitlachen
dutch_allwords.test.7019 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7020 spotten
dutch_allwords.test.7021 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7022 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7023 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7024 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7025 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.7026 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7027 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7028 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.7029 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.7030 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.7031 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7032 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7033 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7034 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7035 klagen
dutch_allwords.test.7036 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7037 traan
dutch_allwords.test.7038 stromen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7039 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7040 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7041 wang
dutch_allwords.test.7042 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7043 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.7044 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7045 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7046 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.7047 opzuigen
dutch_allwords.test.7048 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.7049 stoppen_met
dutch_allwords.test.7050 knarsen
dutch_allwords.test.7051 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7052 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7053 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.7054 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7055 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7056 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7057 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7058 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7059 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7060 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.7061 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7062 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.7063 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7064 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.7065 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7066 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.7067 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.7068 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7069 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.7070 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7071 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7072 bekend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7073 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7074 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.7075 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.7076 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7077 omdraaien_iets
dutch_allwords.test.7078 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7079 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7080 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7081 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7082 witgebaard
dutch_allwords.test.7083 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7084 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7085 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7086 eerder_vroeger
dutch_allwords.test.7087 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7088 ontmoeten
dutch_allwords.test.7089 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.7090 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.7091 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7092 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7093 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.7094 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.7095 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.7096 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.7097 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.7098 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7099 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7100 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7101 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7102 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.7103 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7104 last_hinder
dutch_allwords.test.7105 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7106 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7107 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7108 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7109 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7110 opstaan_staan
dutch_allwords.test.7111 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7112 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7113 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7114 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.7115 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7116 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7117 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.7118 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7119 fris_koel
dutch_allwords.test.7120 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7121 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.7122 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.7123 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7124 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.7125 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7126 jas
dutch_allwords.test.7127 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7128 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7129 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7130 weven
dutch_allwords.test.7131 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7132 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7133 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.7134 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7135 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7136 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7137 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.7138 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7139 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7140 toestemmen
dutch_allwords.test.7141 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7142 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7143 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.7144 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7145 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7146 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7147 betreden
dutch_allwords.test.7148 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7149 klein
dutch_allwords.test.7150 huis
dutch_allwords.test.7151 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7152 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7153 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.7154 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7155 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.7156 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7157 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7158 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7159 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7160 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.7161 glanzen
dutch_allwords.test.7162 goud
dutch_allwords.test.7163 stof_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.7164 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7165 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7166 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7167 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.7168 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7169 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.7170 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7171 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7172 draad_touwtje
dutch_allwords.test.7173 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7174 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7175 droom_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.7176 weven
dutch_allwords.test.7177 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7178 kostbaar
dutch_allwords.test.7179 stof_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.7180 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.7181 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.7182 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7183 overhandigen
dutch_allwords.test.7184 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7185 goud
dutch_allwords.test.7186 jas
dutch_allwords.test.7187 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7188 ophouden
dutch_allwords.test.7189 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7190 ophouden
dutch_allwords.test.7191 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7192 in_ontvangst_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7193 in_ontvangst_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7194 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7195 in_ontvangst_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7196 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7197 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7198 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.7199 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7200 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7201 snuiven
dutch_allwords.test.7202 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7203 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.7204 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7205 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7206 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7207 lied
dutch_allwords.test.7208 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7209 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.7210 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7211 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7212 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.7213 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7214 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.7215 raad_advies
dutch_allwords.test.7216 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.7217 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7218 voor_niets
dutch_allwords.test.7219 klein
dutch_allwords.test.7220 dwaas
dutch_allwords.test.7221 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.7222 juist_goed
dutch_allwords.test.7223 vraag_N
dutch_allwords.test.7224 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7225 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.7226 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.7227 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7228 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.7229 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7230 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7231 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.7232 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7233 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.7234 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7235 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7236 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7237 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7238 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7239 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.7240 aflopen_einde
dutch_allwords.test.7241 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7242 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.7243 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.7244 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7245 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7246 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7247 grissen
dutch_allwords.test.7248 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7249 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.7250 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7251 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7252 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.7253 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7254 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7255 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.7256 smijten
dutch_allwords.test.7257 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.7258 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7259 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.7260 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.7261 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7262 trillen
dutch_allwords.test.7263 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7264 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7265 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.7266 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7267 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.7268 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7269 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7270 ondankbaar_erkentelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7271 wezen_schepsel
dutch_allwords.test.7272 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7273 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7274 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.7275 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7276 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7277 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7278 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7279 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7280 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7281 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7282 verlaten_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.7283 schelden
dutch_allwords.test.7284 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7285 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.7286 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7287 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.7288 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7289 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7290 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7291 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7292 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7293 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.7294 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7295 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7296 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.7297 boos
dutch_allwords.test.7298 woord
dutch_allwords.test.7299 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7300 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7301 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7302 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7303 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7304 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7305 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7306 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.7307 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7308 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7309 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7310 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7311 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.7312 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7313 ten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7314 tenslotte
dutch_allwords.test.7315 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7316 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7317 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7318 bosmeer
dutch_allwords.test.7319 neerknielen
dutch_allwords.test.7320 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7321 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7322 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.7323 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.7324 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.7325 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7326 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7327 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7328 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7329 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7330 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7331 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7332 aanraken
dutch_allwords.test.7333 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7334 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7335 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7336 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7337 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7338 zacht_kracht
dutch_allwords.test.7339 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7340 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7341 bewegen_verplaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.7342 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7343 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7344 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.7345 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7346 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.7347 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7348 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7349 rust_stilte
dutch_allwords.test.7350 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7351 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7352 voegen_bij
dutch_allwords.test.7353 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.7354 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7355 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7356 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7357 geheel_N
dutch_allwords.test.7358 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7359 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7360 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.7361 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7362 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7363 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7364 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7365 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7366 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7367 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.7368 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7369 lied
dutch_allwords.test.7370 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7371 kennen_weten_wie,wat
dutch_allwords.test.7372 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7373 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7374 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.7375 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7376 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7377 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7378 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7379 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.7380 weerspiegelen
dutch_allwords.test.7381 buigen_buigingmaken
dutch_allwords.test.7382 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.7383 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7384 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7385 beeld_afbeelding
dutch_allwords.test.7386 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7387 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7388 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.7389 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7390 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7391 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7392 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7393 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.7394 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7395 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.7396 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7397 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7398 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.7399 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7400 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.7401 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7402 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7403 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7404 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7405 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.7406 even_gelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7407 rood
dutch_allwords.test.7408 wang
dutch_allwords.test.7409 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.7410 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7411 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.7412 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7413 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.7414 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7415 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7416 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7417 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7418 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7419 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.7420 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7421 raken_geraken
dutch_allwords.test.7422 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7423 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7424 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.7425 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.7426 stamelen
dutch_allwords.test.7427 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7428 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7429 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7430 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7431 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7432 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.7433 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7434 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7435 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7436 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7437 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7438 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7439 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7440 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.7441 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7442 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7443 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7444 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7445 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7446 hut
dutch_allwords.test.7447 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7448 afbreken_slopen
dutch_allwords.test.7449 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.7450 herinnering_aandenken
dutch_allwords.test.7451 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7452 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.7453 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7454 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7455 komen
dutch_allwords.test.7456 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7457 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.7458 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.7459 licht_zwaar
dutch_allwords.test.7460 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7461 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7462 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7463 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7464 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7465 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7466 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.7467 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.7468 toevoegen
dutch_allwords.test.7469 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7470 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.7471 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7472 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7473 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7474 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7475 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7476 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7477 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7478 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7479 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7480 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.7481 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7482 trekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.7483 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.7484 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7485 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7486 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7487 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.7488 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.7489 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.7490 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7491 leiden_weg
dutch_allwords.test.7492 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7493 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.7494 studeren
dutch_allwords.test.7495 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.7496 dag_overdag
dutch_allwords.test.7497 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7498 's_avonds
dutch_allwords.test.7499 's_avonds
dutch_allwords.test.7500 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7501 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7502 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7503 lust_N
dutch_allwords.test.7504 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7505 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7506 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7507 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.7508 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7509 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7510 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7511 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7512 horen_radio
dutch_allwords.test.7513 wijs_melodie
dutch_allwords.test.7514 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.7515 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.7516 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.7517 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.7518 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7519 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7520 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7521 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7522 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7523 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7524 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.7525 uithouden
dutch_allwords.test.7526 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7527 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7528 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7529 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7530 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.7531 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7532 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7533 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7534 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7535 spijten
dutch_allwords.test.7536 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7537 zeer_erg
dutch_allwords.test.7538 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7539 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7540 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7541 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7542 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7543 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7544 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.7545 teleurstellen
dutch_allwords.test.7546 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.7547 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7548 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7549 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7550 dringen
dutch_allwords.test.7551 vals_noot
dutch_allwords.test.7552 toon_N
dutch_allwords.test.7553 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7554 krokodil
dutch_allwords.test.7555 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7556 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7557 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7558 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7559 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7560 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.7561 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7562 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7563 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.7564 dag_in_dag_uit
dutch_allwords.test.7565 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7566 dag_in_dag_uit
dutch_allwords.test.7567 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7568 krassen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7569 vals_noot
dutch_allwords.test.7570 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7571 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7572 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7573 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.7574 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7575 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7576 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7577 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7578 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7579 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7580 op_den_duur
dutch_allwords.test.7581 op_den_duur
dutch_allwords.test.7582 op_den_duur
dutch_allwords.test.7583 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.7584 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7585 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7586 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7587 ten_einde_raad
dutch_allwords.test.7588 ten_einde_raad
dutch_allwords.test.7589 ten_einde_raad
dutch_allwords.test.7590 besluiten_beslissen
dutch_allwords.test.7591 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7592 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7593 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.7594 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7595 voorschrijven
dutch_allwords.test.7596 rusten_slapen
dutch_allwords.test.7597 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7598 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7599 vies_smaak
dutch_allwords.test.7600 drank_medicijn
dutch_allwords.test.7601 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.7602 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7603 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7604 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7605 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7606 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7607 krassen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7608 vals_noot
dutch_allwords.test.7609 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7610 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.7611 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.7612 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7613 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7614 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.7615 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.7616 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.7617 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7618 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7619 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.7620 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.7621 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7622 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7623 ineens_plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.7624 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.7625 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7626 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7627 wel
dutch_allwords.test.7628 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7629 opwinden_druk_maken
dutch_allwords.test.7630 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.7631 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7632 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7633 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7634 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.7635 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.7636 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7637 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.7638 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.7639 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7640 dromen_wensen
dutch_allwords.test.7641 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7642 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7643 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.7644 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7645 lip
dutch_allwords.test.7646 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.7647 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7648 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7649 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7650 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7651 staan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7652 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.7653 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7654 muzikaal
dutch_allwords.test.7655 talent_aanleg
dutch_allwords.test.7656 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.7657 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.7658 weten
dutch_allwords.test.7659 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7660 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.7661 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7662 die_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7663 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.7664 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7665 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7666 instuderen
dutch_allwords.test.7667 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7668 verrassen
dutch_allwords.test.7669 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.7670 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7671 afschuwelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7672 trompetteren
dutch_allwords.test.7673 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7674 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7675 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7676 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7677 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7678 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7679 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7680 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7681 stappen_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.7682 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.7683 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7684 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7685 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7686 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.7687 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.7688 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7689 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7690 herrie_lawaai
dutch_allwords.test.7691 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7692 kwaad_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7693 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7694 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7695 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7696 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7697 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7698 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7699 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7700 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7701 spijten
dutch_allwords.test.7702 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7703 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.7704 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7705 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7706 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.7707 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7708 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7709 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7710 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.7711 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7712 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.7713 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.7714 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7715 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7716 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7717 olifant
dutch_allwords.test.7718 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7719 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7720 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7721 dat_beperking
dutch_allwords.test.7722 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7723 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7724 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7725 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7726 horen_radio
dutch_allwords.test.7727 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.7728 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7729 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7730 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7731 totaal_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7732 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.7733 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.7734 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7735 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.7736 dragen_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.7737 felgekleurd
dutch_allwords.test.7738 hemd
dutch_allwords.test.7739 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7740 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.7741 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7742 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7743 instrument_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.7744 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.7745 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7746 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7747 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7748 bedenken_verzinnen
dutch_allwords.test.7749 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7750 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.7751 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7752 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7753 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7754 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7755 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.7756 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.7757 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7758 hard_zacht
dutch_allwords.test.7759 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7760 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7761 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7762 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.7763 buur
dutch_allwords.test.7764 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7765 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7766 zuur_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7767 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7768 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7769 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.7770 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7771 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7772 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7773 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7774 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.7775 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7776 pneumatisch
dutch_allwords.test.7777 aanvallen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7778 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7779 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7780 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7781 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7782 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7783 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7784 schrik_N
dutch_allwords.test.7785 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.7786 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.7787 gaan_
dutch_allwords.test.7788 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.7789 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7790 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.7791 halen_afhalen
dutch_allwords.test.7792 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7793 hamer_N
dutch_allwords.test.7794 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.7795 schuur_N
dutch_allwords.test.7796 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.7797 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7798 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.7799 als_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7800 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.7801 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7802 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.7803 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.7804 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7805 donderen
dutch_allwords.test.7806 razen
dutch_allwords.test.7807 instorten_gebouw
dutch_allwords.test.7808 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7809 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7810 kunstenaar
dutch_allwords.test.7811 oog_in_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7812 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7813 oog_in_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7814 totaal_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7815 verbluffen
dutch_allwords.test.7816 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7817 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7818 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7819 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7820 bedoelen
dutch_allwords.test.7821 stamelen
dutch_allwords.test.7822 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.7823 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7824 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.7825 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7826 afslaan_niet_accepteren
dutch_allwords.test.7827 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7828 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7829 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7830 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.7831 muzikant
dutch_allwords.test.7832 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.7833 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.7834 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.7835 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.7836 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.7837 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7838 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.7839 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7840 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7841 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7842 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7843 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.7844 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.7845 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.7846 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.7847 halen_afhalen
dutch_allwords.test.7848 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7849 onder_tussen
dutch_allwords.test.7850 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7851 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7852 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7853 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7854 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7855 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.7856 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.7857 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7858 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.7859 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.7860 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7861 maat_ritme
dutch_allwords.test.7862 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7863 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7864 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.7865 weten
dutch_allwords.test.7866 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7867 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7868 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7869 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.7870 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7871 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.7872 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.7873 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.7874 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.7875 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.7876 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.7877 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.7878 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.7879 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.7880 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7881 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7882 opbouwen
dutch_allwords.test.7883 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7884 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7885 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7886 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7887 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.7888 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.7889 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7890 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7891 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.7892 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7893 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.7894 leiden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.7895 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7896 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7897 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7898 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.7899 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7900 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7901 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.7902 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.7903 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7904 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7905 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7906 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7907 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.7908 praten
dutch_allwords.test.7909 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7910 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7911 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7912 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7913 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.7914 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7915 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.7916 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.7917 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7918 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.7919 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7920 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7921 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7922 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.7923 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7924 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7925 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7926 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.7927 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.7928 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.7929 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.7930 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.7931 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7932 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.7933 ten_einde_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.7934 ten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7935 ten_einde_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.7936 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.7937 ten_einde_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.7938 ten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7939 ten_einde_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.7940 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7941 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7942 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7943 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.7944 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.7945 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.7946 mij
dutch_allwords.test.7947 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7948 kwaad_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7949 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.7950 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7951 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.7952 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7953 de_p_in_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.7954 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7955 de_p_in_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.7956 de_p_in_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.7957 de_p_in_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.7958 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.7959 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.7960 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7961 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7962 ander
dutch_allwords.test.7963 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7964 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.7965 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.7966 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.7967 beledigen
dutch_allwords.test.7968 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7969 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.7970 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.7971 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.7972 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.7973 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.7974 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.7975 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7976 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.7977 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.7978 na_nadat
dutch_allwords.test.7979 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7980 slecht
dutch_allwords.test.7981 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.7982 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7983 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7984 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.7985 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7986 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.7987 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.7988 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7989 kletsen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.7990 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.7991 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7992 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.7993 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.7994 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.7995 oprapen
dutch_allwords.test.7996 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.7997 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.7998 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.7999 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.8000 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8001 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.8002 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8003 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8004 mikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8005 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8006 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8007 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.8008 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8009 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8010 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.8011 missen_raken
dutch_allwords.test.8012 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.8013 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8014 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8015 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.8016 smijten
dutch_allwords.test.8017 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8018 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8019 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8020 steen_muur
dutch_allwords.test.8021 missen_raken
dutch_allwords.test.8022 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.8023 harig
dutch_allwords.test.8024 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8025 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8026 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8027 brullen_schreeuwen
dutch_allwords.test.8028 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8029 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8030 werpen_gooien
dutch_allwords.test.8031 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8032 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.8033 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8034 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8035 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8036 afslaan_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.8037 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8038 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8039 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.8040 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8041 achterlijk
dutch_allwords.test.8042 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.8043 opblazen_ballon
dutch_allwords.test.8044 peer_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.8045 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.8046 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8047 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.8048 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8049 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8050 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.8051 kei_steen
dutch_allwords.test.8052 optillen
dutch_allwords.test.8053 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8054 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.8055 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8056 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.8057 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8058 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8059 afbreken_slopen
dutch_allwords.test.8060 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8061 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8062 suf_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8063 klef
dutch_allwords.test.8064 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8065 krom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8066 poot_dier
dutch_allwords.test.8067 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.8068 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8069 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8070 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.8071 schoppen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8072 voor_de_afwisseling
dutch_allwords.test.8073 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8074 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.8075 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8076 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8077 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8078 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8079 rotsblok
dutch_allwords.test.8080 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8081 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8082 scheldpartij
dutch_allwords.test.8083 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.8084 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.8085 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8086 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8087 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8088 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8089 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8090 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8091 brokstuk
dutch_allwords.test.8092 smijten
dutch_allwords.test.8093 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8094 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8095 volproppen
dutch_allwords.test.8096 rommelzooi
dutch_allwords.test.8097 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8098 uitpuilen
dutch_allwords.test.8099 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.8100 gillen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8101 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8102 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.8103 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8104 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8105 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8106 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8107 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.8108 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.8109 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8110 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8111 overdrijven
dutch_allwords.test.8112 stinkend
dutch_allwords.test.8113 smakeloos
dutch_allwords.test.8114 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8115 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8116 goed_bij_zijn_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.8117 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8118 goed_bij_zijn_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.8119 goed_bij_zijn_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.8120 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8121 tieren_roepen
dutch_allwords.test.8122 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8123 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8124 smijten
dutch_allwords.test.8125 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8126 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8127 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8128 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.8129 vernielen
dutch_allwords.test.8130 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8131 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8132 voor_het_eerst
dutch_allwords.test.8133 voor_het_eerst
dutch_allwords.test.8134 voor_het_eerst
dutch_allwords.test.8135 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.8136 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.8137 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8138 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8139 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.8140 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.8141 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8142 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.8143 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8144 ondergaan_zon
dutch_allwords.test.8145 ongelooflijk
dutch_allwords.test.8146 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8147 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8148 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.8149 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8150 neerleggen
dutch_allwords.test.8151 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8152 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8153 vasthouden_grijpen
dutch_allwords.test.8154 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8155 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.8156 gelijk_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.8157 gelijk_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8158 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8159 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8160 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8161 hijgen
dutch_allwords.test.8162 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.8163 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8164 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.8165 gelijk_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.8166 gelijk_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8167 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8168 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8169 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8170 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.8171 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8172 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8173 midden_N
dutch_allwords.test.8174 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8175 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8176 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8177 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.8178 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.8179 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8180 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8181 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8182 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8183 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8184 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8185 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8186 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.8187 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8188 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8189 leuk_grappig
dutch_allwords.test.8190 giechelen
dutch_allwords.test.8191 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8192 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.8193 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.8194 nou_en_of
dutch_allwords.test.8195 nou_en_of
dutch_allwords.test.8196 nou_en_of
dutch_allwords.test.8197 grinniken
dutch_allwords.test.8198 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8199 jammer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8200 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8201 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8202 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8203 laag_afmeting
dutch_allwords.test.8204 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.8205 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8206 sloot_water
dutch_allwords.test.8207 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.8208 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.8209 broer
dutch_allwords.test.8210 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.8211 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8212 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8213 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.8214 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8215 verwennen
dutch_allwords.test.8216 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8217 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8218 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8219 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.8220 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8221 trapauto
dutch_allwords.test.8222 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8223 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.8224 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8225 klein
dutch_allwords.test.8226 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.8227 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8228 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8229 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8230 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.8231 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8232 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8233 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8234 hoog_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8235 kwaakstem
dutch_allwords.test.8236 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8237 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.8238 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.8239 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8240 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.8241 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.8242 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8243 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8244 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8245 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.8246 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.8247 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8248 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8249 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8250 kwaken
dutch_allwords.test.8251 rijden
dutch_allwords.test.8252 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8253 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8254 rood
dutch_allwords.test.8255 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8256 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8257 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8258 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8259 he
dutch_allwords.test.8260 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.8261 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.8262 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8263 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8264 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.8265 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.8266 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8267 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8268 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.8269 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8270 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8271 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.8272 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8273 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.8274 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8275 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8276 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.8277 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8278 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8279 doen_
dutch_allwords.test.8280 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8281 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8282 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.8283 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8284 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8285 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8286 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.8287 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8288 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8289 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.8290 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8291 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8292 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.8293 bezorgd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8294 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8295 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8296 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8297 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.8298 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.8299 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8300 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8301 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.8302 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.8303 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8304 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8305 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8306 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8307 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.8308 opstaan_staan
dutch_allwords.test.8309 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8310 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.8311 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8312 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8313 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.8314 dromen_wensen
dutch_allwords.test.8315 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8316 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8317 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8318 eenzaam
dutch_allwords.test.8319 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8320 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.8321 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8322 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8323 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8324 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8325 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.8326 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.8327 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8328 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8329 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8330 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.8331 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8332 spotten
dutch_allwords.test.8333 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8334 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8335 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.8336 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8337 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.8338 modder_N
dutch_allwords.test.8339 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.8340 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8341 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8342 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8343 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.8344 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8345 besmeuren
dutch_allwords.test.8346 bekijken_kijken_naar
dutch_allwords.test.8347 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.8348 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8349 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8350 wassen_schoon
dutch_allwords.test.8351 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8352 sportauto
dutch_allwords.test.8353 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8354 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8355 glimmen
dutch_allwords.test.8356 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.8357 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8358 spiegel_N
dutch_allwords.test.8359 vertrekken_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8360 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8361 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.8362 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.8363 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8364 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8365 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.8366 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8367 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8368 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8369 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.8370 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8371 keihard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.8372 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8373 remmen_voertuig
dutch_allwords.test.8374 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8375 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8376 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8377 dat_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8378 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.8379 oversteken
dutch_allwords.test.8380 toespreken
dutch_allwords.test.8381 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8382 klein
dutch_allwords.test.8383 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8384 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8385 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8386 uitkijken_voorzichtig
dutch_allwords.test.8387 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8388 schrikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8389 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.8390 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8391 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8392 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.8393 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.8394 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.8395 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.8396 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8397 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8398 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8399 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8400 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.8401 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8402 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8403 weten
dutch_allwords.test.8404 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8405 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8406 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.8407 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8408 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8409 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8410 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8411 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8412 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8413 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.8414 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8415 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.8416 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.8417 ander
dutch_allwords.test.8418 plan_idee
dutch_allwords.test.8419 zeggen
dutch_allwords.test.8420 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8421 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.8422 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.8423 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8424 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8425 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8426 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8427 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.8428 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8429 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.8430 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8431 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.8432 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.8433 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8434 juichen
dutch_allwords.test.8435 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8436 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8437 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.8438 knikken
dutch_allwords.test.8439 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.8440 van_nu_af_aan
dutch_allwords.test.8441 van_nu_af_aan
dutch_allwords.test.8442 van_nu_af_aan
dutch_allwords.test.8443 van_nu_af_aan
dutch_allwords.test.8444 nazeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8445 dat_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8446 eens_akkoord
dutch_allwords.test.8447 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8448 piepen
dutch_allwords.test.8449 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8450 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8451 goed_juist
dutch_allwords.test.8452 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8453 openen_openmaken
dutch_allwords.test.8454 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8455 portier_auto
dutch_allwords.test.8456 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8457 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8458 welkom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8459 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8460 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8461 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8462 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.8463 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8464 op_reis
dutch_allwords.test.8465 op_reis
dutch_allwords.test.8466 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8467 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8468 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.8469 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8470 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.8471 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.8472 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8473 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.8474 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8475 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8476 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.8477 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8478 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8479 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8480 smullen
dutch_allwords.test.8481 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8482 hapje_gerecht
dutch_allwords.test.8483 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8484 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8485 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.8486 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8487 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.8488 leeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8489 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.8490 lied
dutch_allwords.test.8491 onder_tijdens
dutch_allwords.test.8492 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8493 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8494 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8495 einde
dutch_allwords.test.8496 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8497 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.8498 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8499 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.8500 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8501 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8502 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.8503 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.8504 groeien
dutch_allwords.test.8505 flink_groot
dutch_allwords.test.8506 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8507 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.8508 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8509 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.8510 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.8511 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8512 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8513 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8514 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.8515 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.8516 gevaar
dutch_allwords.test.8517 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8518 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8519 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.8520 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.8521 vijand
dutch_allwords.test.8522 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8523 vijand
dutch_allwords.test.8524 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8525 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8526 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8527 waarschuwen
dutch_allwords.test.8528 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.8529 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.8530 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.8531 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.8532 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8533 schrikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8534 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.8535 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8536 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.8537 aanstoten
dutch_allwords.test.8538 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8539 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8540 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8541 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8542 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.8543 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8544 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.8545 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8546 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8547 veilig
dutch_allwords.test.8548 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.8549 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8550 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.8551 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8552 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8553 snuffelen_dier
dutch_allwords.test.8554 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.8555 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.8556 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8557 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.8558 nek_N
dutch_allwords.test.8559 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8560 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8561 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.8562 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8563 afstand
dutch_allwords.test.8564 bekijken_kijken_naar
dutch_allwords.test.8565 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8566 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8567 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8568 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.8569 draaien_rond
dutch_allwords.test.8570 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8571 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8572 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.8573 bonken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8574 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8575 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8576 keel_N
dutch_allwords.test.8577 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.8578 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.8579 verstoppen_verbergen
dutch_allwords.test.8580 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.8581 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8582 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8583 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8584 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8585 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8586 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.8587 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.8588 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8589 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8590 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8591 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8592 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8593 doen
dutch_allwords.test.8594 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8595 druppen
dutch_allwords.test.8596 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.8597 traan
dutch_allwords.test.8598 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.8599 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8600 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.8601 kalmeren
dutch_allwords.test.8602 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8603 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8604 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8605 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8606 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.8607 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.8608 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8609 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8610 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8611 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.8612 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.8613 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.8614 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.8615 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8616 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8617 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.8618 knopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8619 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8620 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8621 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8622 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.8623 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8624 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.8625 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8626 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8627 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.8628 geven_onderwijzen
dutch_allwords.test.8629 landen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8630 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8631 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8632 verstoppen
dutch_allwords.test.8633 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8634 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8635 riet_plant
dutch_allwords.test.8636 dat_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8637 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8638 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8639 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8640 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8641 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8642 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.8643 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.8644 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.8645 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8646 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8647 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8648 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8649 klepperen
dutch_allwords.test.8650 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8651 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8652 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.8653 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8654 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.8655 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8656 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.8657 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.8658 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8659 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8660 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8661 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8662 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8663 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8664 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.8665 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8666 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.8667 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8668 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8669 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8670 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8671 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8672 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8673 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8674 ademhalen
dutch_allwords.test.8675 opluchten
dutch_allwords.test.8676 adem_N
dutch_allwords.test.8677 nakijken_oog
dutch_allwords.test.8678 wegvliegen
dutch_allwords.test.8679 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8680 gelukkig_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8681 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.8682 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8683 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.8684 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8685 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8686 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.8687 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8688 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8689 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8690 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8691 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.8692 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.8693 oud_nieuw
dutch_allwords.test.8694 vervallen_bouwvallig
dutch_allwords.test.8695 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8696 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8697 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8698 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.8699 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8700 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8701 afscheid_N
dutch_allwords.test.8702 aankijken
dutch_allwords.test.8703 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8704 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8705 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8706 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8707 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8708 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8709 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.8710 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.8711 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8712 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.8713 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.8714 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8715 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.8716 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.8717 verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.8718 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8719 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.8720 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8721 kussen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8722 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8723 halen
dutch_allwords.test.8724 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8725 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8726 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8727 af_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8728 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8729 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8730 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.8731 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.8732 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8733 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8734 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8735 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8736 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.8737 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.8738 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8739 cirkelen
dutch_allwords.test.8740 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8741 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8742 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8743 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8744 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8745 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.8746 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8747 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8748 midden_N
dutch_allwords.test.8749 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8750 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.8751 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8752 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8753 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.8754 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8755 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8756 sierlijk
dutch_allwords.test.8757 duik_N
dutch_allwords.test.8758 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.8759 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8760 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8761 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.8762 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8763 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8764 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8765 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8766 midden_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8767 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8768 plonzen
dutch_allwords.test.8769 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8770 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8771 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8772 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8773 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.8774 tiental
dutch_allwords.test.8775 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.8776 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8777 dragen_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.8778 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8779 kroon_koning
dutch_allwords.test.8780 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8781 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.8782 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.8783 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8784 ander
dutch_allwords.test.8785 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8786 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8787 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.8788 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8789 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8790 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8791 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.8792 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8793 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8794 stotteren
dutch_allwords.test.8795 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8796 bulderen
dutch_allwords.test.8797 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8798 opstijgen_omhoog
dutch_allwords.test.8799 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8800 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8801 dragen_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.8802 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8803 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8804 kroon_koning
dutch_allwords.test.8805 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8806 gewoon_normaal
dutch_allwords.test.8807 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8808 in_elk(ieder)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.8809 in_elk(ieder)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.8810 in_elk(ieder)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.8811 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8812 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.8813 aansluiten_verbinden
dutch_allwords.test.8814 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8815 nummer_getal
dutch_allwords.test.8816 vierhonderd
dutch_allwords.test.8817 ha
dutch_allwords.test.8818 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.8819 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.8820 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8821 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8822 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8823 kikkerprins
dutch_allwords.test.8824 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8825 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.8826 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8827 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8828 sloot_water
dutch_allwords.test.8829 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8830 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8831 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.8832 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8833 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8834 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8835 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8836 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8837 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8838 groot
dutch_allwords.test.8839 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.8840 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.8841 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8842 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.8843 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8844 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.8845 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.8846 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8847 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8848 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8849 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8850 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.8851 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.8852 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.8853 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.8854 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8855 geheim
dutch_allwords.test.8856 onderaards
dutch_allwords.test.8857 gang_huis
dutch_allwords.test.8858 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.8859 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8860 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8861 auto
dutch_allwords.test.8862 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.8863 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.8864 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8865 stuur_N
dutch_allwords.test.8866 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8867 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8868 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8869 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8870 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8871 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8872 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8873 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8874 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.8875 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8876 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.8877 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.8878 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8879 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8880 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8881 rijden
dutch_allwords.test.8882 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.8883 schrikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.8884 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8885 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8886 ratelen
dutch_allwords.test.8887 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8888 ratelen
dutch_allwords.test.8889 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8890 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.8891 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8892 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.8893 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8894 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8895 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8896 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8897 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8898 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8899 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.8900 uitstappen
dutch_allwords.test.8901 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8902 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8903 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.8904 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.8905 nader_dichterbij
dutch_allwords.test.8906 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.8907 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8908 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8909 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8910 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8911 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.8912 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8913 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.8914 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.8915 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8916 bekend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8917 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8918 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8919 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8920 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8921 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8922 verrassen
dutch_allwords.test.8923 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.8924 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8925 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8926 weten
dutch_allwords.test.8927 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.8928 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.8929 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.8930 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.8931 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.8932 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.8933 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8934 klepperen
dutch_allwords.test.8935 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8936 dat_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8937 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8938 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8939 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.8940 horen_plaats(...bij)
dutch_allwords.test.8941 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8942 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8943 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8944 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8945 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8946 weten
dutch_allwords.test.8947 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8948 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8949 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8950 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8951 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.8952 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8953 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.8954 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.8955 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.8956 afspreken
dutch_allwords.test.8957 afspreken
dutch_allwords.test.8958 kwaken
dutch_allwords.test.8959 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8960 slepen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8961 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8962 auto
dutch_allwords.test.8963 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.8964 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.8965 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8966 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8967 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8968 nemen_
dutch_allwords.test.8969 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8970 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.8971 afscheid_N
dutch_allwords.test.8972 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8973 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8974 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8975 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8976 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.8977 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8978 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8979 wegvliegen
dutch_allwords.test.8980 duwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8981 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8982 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.8983 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.8984 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.8985 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.8986 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.8987 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.8988 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.8989 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.8990 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.8991 komen
dutch_allwords.test.8992 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.8993 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.8994 welkom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.8995 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.8996 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.8997 klein
dutch_allwords.test.8998 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.8999 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9000 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.9001 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9002 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.9003 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9004 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9005 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9006 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9007 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.9008 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9009 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.9010 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.9011 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9012 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.9013 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.9014 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.9015 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9016 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.9017 willen
dutch_allwords.test.9018 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9019 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.9020 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9021 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9022 cirkelen
dutch_allwords.test.9023 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9024 groot
dutch_allwords.test.9025 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9026 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9027 sloot_water
dutch_allwords.test.9028 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9029 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9030 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.9031 goedendag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.9032 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9033 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9034 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.9035 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9036 uitwuiven
dutch_allwords.test.9037 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9038 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9039 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9040 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9041 tocht_wandeling
dutch_allwords.test.9042 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9043 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9044 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9045 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9046 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.9047 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9048 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.9049 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9050 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9051 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.9052 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.9053 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9054 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9055 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.9056 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9057 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.9058 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9059 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9060 meegeven
dutch_allwords.test.9061 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.9062 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9063 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9064 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9065 mooi_gunstig
dutch_allwords.test.9066 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9067 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.9068 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9069 dorp
dutch_allwords.test.9070 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9071 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9072 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.9073 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9074 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9075 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9076 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.9077 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9078 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9079 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9080 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9081 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9082 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9083 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.9084 kort_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.9085 stroom_rivier
dutch_allwords.test.9086 voeren_leiden_naar
dutch_allwords.test.9087 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9088 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.9089 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.9090 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9091 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9092 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9093 mamma
dutch_allwords.test.9094 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9095 steiger_aanlegplaats
dutch_allwords.test.9096 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9097 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.9098 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.9099 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.9100 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9101 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9102 dorp
dutch_allwords.test.9103 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9104 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9105 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9106 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9107 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9108 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9109 poes
dutch_allwords.test.9110 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9111 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.9112 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9113 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9114 vast_en_zeker
dutch_allwords.test.9115 vast_en_zeker
dutch_allwords.test.9116 vast_en_zeker
dutch_allwords.test.9117 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9118 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9119 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9120 brengen_inbep.toestand
dutch_allwords.test.9121 mij
dutch_allwords.test.9122 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9123 van_de_wijs
dutch_allwords.test.9124 van_de_wijs
dutch_allwords.test.9125 van_de_wijs
dutch_allwords.test.9126 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9127 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9128 gelukkig_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9129 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9130 rustig
dutch_allwords.test.9131 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.9132 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9133 aanleggen_schip
dutch_allwords.test.9134 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9135 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9136 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9137 dorp
dutch_allwords.test.9138 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9139 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9140 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9141 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9142 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9143 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9144 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9145 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9146 echt_nietvals
dutch_allwords.test.9147 schat_lief
dutch_allwords.test.9148 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9149 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9150 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.9151 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.9152 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.9153 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9154 poes
dutch_allwords.test.9155 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.9156 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9157 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9158 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9159 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9160 gemakkelijk_eenvoudig
dutch_allwords.test.9161 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9162 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9163 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9164 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9165 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9166 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9167 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.9168 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9169 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9170 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.9171 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9172 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.9173 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9174 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.9175 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9176 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9177 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.9178 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9179 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9180 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9181 op_zijn_gemak
dutch_allwords.test.9182 op_zijn_gemak
dutch_allwords.test.9183 op_zijn_gemak
dutch_allwords.test.9184 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9185 aanleggen_schip
dutch_allwords.test.9186 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.9187 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9188 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9189 blijken_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9190 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9191 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9192 schooljuffrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9193 stijf_soepel
dutch_allwords.test.9194 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9195 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9196 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.9197 best_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9198 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.9199 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9200 mager
dutch_allwords.test.9201 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9202 raken_geraken
dutch_allwords.test.9203 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9204 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9205 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9206 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9207 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.9208 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9209 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9210 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9211 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9212 gillen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9213 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9214 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9215 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9216 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.9217 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.9218 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9219 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9220 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9221 pot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9222 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9223 glas_stof
dutch_allwords.test.9224 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9225 volgens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9226 oplossing_antwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9227 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9228 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9229 dienen_bedoeld
dutch_allwords.test.9230 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9231 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9232 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9233 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9234 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9235 verblijf_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9236 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9237 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9238 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9239 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9240 stijf_soepel
dutch_allwords.test.9241 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.9242 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.9243 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9244 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9245 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9246 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9247 rooien
dutch_allwords.test.9248 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9249 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9250 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9251 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9252 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9253 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9254 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9255 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9256 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9257 stop_halte
dutch_allwords.test.9258 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9259 opwachten
dutch_allwords.test.9260 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9261 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9262 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.9263 schooljongen
dutch_allwords.test.9264 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9265 schat_lief
dutch_allwords.test.9266 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9267 vent
dutch_allwords.test.9268 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9269 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.9270 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.9271 onderwijzeres
dutch_allwords.test.9272 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9273 boord_schip
dutch_allwords.test.9274 tekeer_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.9275 te_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9276 tekeer_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.9277 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9278 vermoorden
dutch_allwords.test.9279 houden_blijven
dutch_allwords.test.9280 juffrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9281 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9282 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9283 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9284 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9285 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9286 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9287 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9288 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9289 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9290 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9291 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9292 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9293 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9294 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9295 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9296 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9297 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.9298 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9299 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9300 knot
dutch_allwords.test.9301 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9302 houden_blijven
dutch_allwords.test.9303 vent
dutch_allwords.test.9304 tijdens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9305 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9306 juffrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9307 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9308 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9309 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9310 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9311 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.9312 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9313 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9314 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9315 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.9316 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9317 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9318 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9319 aap
dutch_allwords.test.9320 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9321 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9322 rij_N
dutch_allwords.test.9323 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9324 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9325 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9326 rakker
dutch_allwords.test.9327 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.9328 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.9329 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9330 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9331 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9332 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9333 bedenken_denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.9334 beste_aanspreking
dutch_allwords.test.9335 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9336 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.9337 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.9338 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9339 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9340 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9341 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9342 staart_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9343 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.9344 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9345 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9346 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9347 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9348 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.9349 verf_N
dutch_allwords.test.9350 penseel
dutch_allwords.test.9351 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.9352 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9353 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9354 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9355 knaap_jongen
dutch_allwords.test.9356 ontplooien
dutch_allwords.test.9357 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9358 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9359 probleem
dutch_allwords.test.9360 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9361 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9362 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9363 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9364 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.9365 voorbij_verder
dutch_allwords.test.9366 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9367 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.9368 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.9369 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9370 papegaai
dutch_allwords.test.9371 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9372 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.9373 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9374 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9375 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9376 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9377 gelaten_passief
dutch_allwords.test.9378 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9379 een_keel_opzetten
dutch_allwords.test.9380 een_keel_opzetten
dutch_allwords.test.9381 een_keel_opzetten
dutch_allwords.test.9382 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9383 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.9384 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9385 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9386 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9387 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.9388 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9389 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9390 herrie_lawaai
dutch_allwords.test.9391 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9392 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9393 gelukkig_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9394 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.9395 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9396 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9397 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9398 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9399 papegaai
dutch_allwords.test.9400 zijn_mond_houden
dutch_allwords.test.9401 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9402 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9403 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9404 plaats_stad
dutch_allwords.test.9405 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9406 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9407 maar_liefst
dutch_allwords.test.9408 maar_liefst
dutch_allwords.test.9409 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.9410 hond
dutch_allwords.test.9411 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.9412 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9413 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.9414 hond
dutch_allwords.test.9415 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9416 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.9417 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9418 missen_niet_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.9419 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9420 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9421 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9422 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9423 baas_leiding
dutch_allwords.test.9424 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9425 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9426 papegaai
dutch_allwords.test.9427 hond
dutch_allwords.test.9428 rot_heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.9429 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.9430 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9431 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9432 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9433 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9434 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9435 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9436 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9437 staren
dutch_allwords.test.9438 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9439 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.9440 gelukkig_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9441 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9442 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.9443 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.9444 tocht_wandeling
dutch_allwords.test.9445 voltooien
dutch_allwords.test.9446 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9447 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9448 brok
dutch_allwords.test.9449 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9450 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9451 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9452 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9453 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9454 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.9455 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9456 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9457 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.9458 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9459 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9460 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9461 boord_schip
dutch_allwords.test.9462 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9463 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9464 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9465 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9466 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9467 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9468 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9469 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9470 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9471 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9472 bijten_tanden
dutch_allwords.test.9473 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.9474 dooie_N
dutch_allwords.test.9475 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9476 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9477 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9478 loslopend
dutch_allwords.test.9479 hond
dutch_allwords.test.9480 eer_voordat
dutch_allwords.test.9481 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9482 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9483 raden_gissen
dutch_allwords.test.9484 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9485 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9486 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.9487 stevig_solide
dutch_allwords.test.9488 riem_band
dutch_allwords.test.9489 geschikt_bruikbaar
dutch_allwords.test.9490 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9491 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9492 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9493 afmeren
dutch_allwords.test.9494 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9495 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9496 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.9497 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9498 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9499 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.9500 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.9501 paf_staan
dutch_allwords.test.9502 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9503 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9504 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9505 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.9506 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.9507 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9508 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9509 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9510 wonder_N
dutch_allwords.test.9511 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9512 als_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9513 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9514 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9515 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.9516 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.9517 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9518 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9519 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9520 vormen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9521 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9522 gemakkelijk_eenvoudig
dutch_allwords.test.9523 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9524 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9525 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9526 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9527 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9528 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.9529 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9530 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9531 gaan_beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.9532 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9533 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9534 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.9535 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.9536 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9537 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9538 regenpijp
dutch_allwords.test.9539 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9540 elk
dutch_allwords.test.9541 pijp_buis
dutch_allwords.test.9542 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.9543 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9544 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9545 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9546 klooien
dutch_allwords.test.9547 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9548 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9549 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9550 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9551 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9552 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9553 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9554 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9555 wal_waterkant
dutch_allwords.test.9556 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9557 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9558 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.9559 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9560 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9561 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9562 geval_N
dutch_allwords.test.9563 sprinkhaan
dutch_allwords.test.9564 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9565 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9566 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9567 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9568 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.9569 beschaafd_gemanierd
dutch_allwords.test.9570 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9571 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9572 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9573 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9574 laag_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.9575 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9576 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9577 dier
dutch_allwords.test.9578 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9579 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.9580 vijven_en_zessen
dutch_allwords.test.9581 vijven_en_zessen
dutch_allwords.test.9582 vijven_en_zessen
dutch_allwords.test.9583 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.9584 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9585 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.9586 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9587 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9588 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9589 mij
dutch_allwords.test.9590 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9591 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.9592 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9593 weten
dutch_allwords.test.9594 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.9595 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.9596 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9597 sprinkhaan
dutch_allwords.test.9598 voltooien
dutch_allwords.test.9599 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.9600 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.9601 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9602 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.9603 laden_vrachtwagen
dutch_allwords.test.9604 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9605 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9606 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9607 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9608 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.9609 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9610 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.9611 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9612 passagier
dutch_allwords.test.9613 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9614 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9615 schooljuffrouw
dutch_allwords.test.9616 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.9617 scholier
dutch_allwords.test.9618 aap
dutch_allwords.test.9619 papegaai
dutch_allwords.test.9620 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.9621 hond
dutch_allwords.test.9622 acht_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9623 slang_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9624 kikker
dutch_allwords.test.9625 sprinkhaan
dutch_allwords.test.9626 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.9627 drijven_dobberen
dutch_allwords.test.9628 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9629 uitrusten_moe
dutch_allwords.test.9630 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9631 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9632 soezen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9633 dromen_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.9634 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.9635 bijkomen_uitrusten
dutch_allwords.test.9636 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9637 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9638 zwaar_moeilijk
dutch_allwords.test.9639 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.9640 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.9641 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.9642 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9643 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9644 bomen_boot
dutch_allwords.test.9645 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.9646 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9647 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.9648 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9649 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9650 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.9651 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.9652 vissen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9653 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9654 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9655 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9656 enkel_een_paar
dutch_allwords.test.9657 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.9658 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.9659 leeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9660 moe
dutch_allwords.test.9661 been
dutch_allwords.test.9662 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9663 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9664 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.9665 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9666 pan_koken
dutch_allwords.test.9667 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9668 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.9669 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9670 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.9671 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9672 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.9673 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9674 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.9675 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9676 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.9677 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9678 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9679 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9680 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9681 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.9682 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.9683 koken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.9684 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.9685 aardappel
dutch_allwords.test.9686 zout_N
dutch_allwords.test.9687 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9688 klont
dutch_allwords.test.9689 weten
dutch_allwords.test.9690 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9691 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9692 groot
dutch_allwords.test.9693 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9694 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.9695 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9696 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9697 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9698 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9699 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.9700 forel
dutch_allwords.test.9701 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9702 mij
dutch_allwords.test.9703 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.9704 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9705 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9706 namelijk_want
dutch_allwords.test.9707 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9708 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9709 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9710 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9711 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9712 dromen_wensen
dutch_allwords.test.9713 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9714 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.9715 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.9716 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9717 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9718 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.9719 forel
dutch_allwords.test.9720 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9721 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9722 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9723 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9724 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.9725 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9726 amandel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.9727 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9728 echt_nietvals
dutch_allwords.test.9729 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.9730 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.9731 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9732 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9733 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9734 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9735 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.9736 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.9737 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9738 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9739 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9740 kreunen
dutch_allwords.test.9741 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9742 proeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.9743 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9744 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.9745 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9746 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9747 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.9748 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9749 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9750 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9751 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9752 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9753 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.9754 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9755 toe_zijn_aan
dutch_allwords.test.9756 namelijk_want
dutch_allwords.test.9757 toe_zijn_aan
dutch_allwords.test.9758 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9759 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9760 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9761 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9762 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9763 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9764 eeuwig
dutch_allwords.test.9765 piepen
dutch_allwords.test.9766 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9767 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9768 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9769 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9770 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9771 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.9772 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.9773 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9774 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9775 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9776 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.9777 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9778 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9779 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9780 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9781 gesp
dutch_allwords.test.9782 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9783 rood
dutch_allwords.test.9784 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9785 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9786 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.9787 bontlaars
dutch_allwords.test.9788 steken_plaatsen_in
dutch_allwords.test.9789 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9790 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9791 sjiek
dutch_allwords.test.9792 zomerpak
dutch_allwords.test.9793 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9794 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9795 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.9796 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9797 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.9798 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9799 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9800 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9801 vlot_makkelijk
dutch_allwords.test.9802 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9803 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.9804 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9805 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9806 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9807 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9808 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9809 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9810 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.9811 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.9812 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9813 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9814 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.9815 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9816 paddestoel
dutch_allwords.test.9817 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9818 verkopen
dutch_allwords.test.9819 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9820 markt_verkoping
dutch_allwords.test.9821 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9822 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.9823 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9824 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9825 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9826 nieuw_oud
dutch_allwords.test.9827 schop_spade
dutch_allwords.test.9828 emmer
dutch_allwords.test.9829 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9830 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9831 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.9832 te_pas_komen
dutch_allwords.test.9833 te_pas_komen
dutch_allwords.test.9834 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9835 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9836 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.9837 schep_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.9838 schep_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.9839 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9840 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.9841 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9842 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9843 meter_100cm
dutch_allwords.test.9844 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9845 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9846 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.9847 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9848 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.9849 meter_100cm
dutch_allwords.test.9850 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9851 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.9852 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9853 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9854 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.9855 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.9856 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.9857 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9858 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.9859 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.9860 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.9861 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.9862 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.9863 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9864 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.9865 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9866 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9867 hoop_berg
dutch_allwords.test.9868 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9869 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.9870 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9871 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9872 aarde_grond
dutch_allwords.test.9873 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.9874 namelijk_want
dutch_allwords.test.9875 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9876 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.9877 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9878 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9879 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9880 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.9881 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9882 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.9883 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.9884 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.9885 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9886 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.9887 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9888 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9889 licht_straling
dutch_allwords.test.9890 komen
dutch_allwords.test.9891 verleren
dutch_allwords.test.9892 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9893 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9894 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9895 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9896 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.9897 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.9898 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9899 namelijk_want
dutch_allwords.test.9900 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9901 groot
dutch_allwords.test.9902 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9903 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.9904 weten
dutch_allwords.test.9905 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9906 groot
dutch_allwords.test.9907 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9908 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.9909 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9910 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.9911 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9912 weten
dutch_allwords.test.9913 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9914 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9915 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.9916 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9917 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9918 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9919 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9920 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9921 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.9922 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.9923 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9924 paar_twee
dutch_allwords.test.9925 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.9926 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.9927 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9928 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.9929 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.9930 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.9931 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.9932 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9933 winterkoning_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.9934 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.9935 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.9936 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9937 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9938 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.9939 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9940 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9941 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9942 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9943 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9944 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.9945 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9946 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.9947 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.9948 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.9949 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.9950 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.9951 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.9952 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9953 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9954 kennen_weten
dutch_allwords.test.9955 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.9956 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.9957 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.9958 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.9959 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9960 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9961 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.9962 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9963 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.9964 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.9965 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.9966 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.9967 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.9968 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.9969 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9970 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.9971 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.9972 roeien
dutch_allwords.test.9973 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9974 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9975 houden_blijven
dutch_allwords.test.9976 rechts_links
dutch_allwords.test.9977 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9978 roer_N
dutch_allwords.test.9979 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.9980 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9981 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.9982 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.9983 weten
dutch_allwords.test.9984 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.9985 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9986 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.9987 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9988 klein
dutch_allwords.test.9989 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9990 fraai
dutch_allwords.test.9991 lakschoen
dutch_allwords.test.9992 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.9993 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.9994 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.9995 fraai
dutch_allwords.test.9996 lakschoen
dutch_allwords.test.9997 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.9998 veter
dutch_allwords.test.9999 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.10000 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10001 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10002 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.10003 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.10004 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10005 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10006 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.10007 dobberen
dutch_allwords.test.10008 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10009 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10010 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.10011 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.10012 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10013 papier
dutch_allwords.test.10014 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10015 papier
dutch_allwords.test.10016 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10017 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10018 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10019 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10020 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10021 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10022 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10023 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10024 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10025 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10026 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10027 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.10028 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10029 halen_afhalen
dutch_allwords.test.10030 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.10031 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10032 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.10033 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.10034 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.10035 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10036 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10037 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.10038 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10039 voorbij_afgelopen
dutch_allwords.test.10040 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10041 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10042 vissen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10043 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10044 dobberen
dutch_allwords.test.10045 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10046 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.10047 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10048 sukkel_N
dutch_allwords.test.10049 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.10050 luisteren_gehoorzamen
dutch_allwords.test.10051 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10052 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10053 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10054 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10055 ander
dutch_allwords.test.10056 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.10057 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10058 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.10059 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10060 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10061 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10062 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.10063 beurt_N
dutch_allwords.test.10064 beurt_N
dutch_allwords.test.10065 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.10066 schep_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.10067 schep_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.10068 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10069 schep_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.10070 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10071 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10072 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.10073 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10074 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10075 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.10076 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10077 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10078 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10079 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10080 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10081 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10082 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.10083 eens
dutch_allwords.test.10084 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10085 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10086 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10087 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10088 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.10089 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10090 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10091 weten
dutch_allwords.test.10092 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10093 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10094 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10095 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.10096 moed_durf
dutch_allwords.test.10097 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.10098 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.10099 eens
dutch_allwords.test.10100 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10101 brullen
dutch_allwords.test.10102 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10103 hard_zacht
dutch_allwords.test.10104 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.10105 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10106 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10107 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10108 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10109 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.10110 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10111 loof_N
dutch_allwords.test.10112 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10113 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10114 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.10115 trillen
dutch_allwords.test.10116 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.10117 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10118 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.10119 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10120 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10121 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10122 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10123 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.10124 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10125 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10126 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10127 brommen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10128 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10129 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.10130 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10131 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.10132 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10133 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10134 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10135 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10136 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10137 kennen_weten
dutch_allwords.test.10138 uit_je_hoofd_(leren)
dutch_allwords.test.10139 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.10140 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10141 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.10142 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10143 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10144 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10145 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10146 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10147 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.10148 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10149 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10150 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10151 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10152 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10153 te_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10154 te_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10155 knijpen_'m
dutch_allwords.test.10156 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.10157 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.10158 dief
dutch_allwords.test.10159 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10160 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10161 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10162 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10163 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10164 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10165 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10166 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10167 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10168 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10169 mij
dutch_allwords.test.10170 waar_ook
dutch_allwords.test.10171 waar_ook
dutch_allwords.test.10172 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.10173 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.10174 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10175 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10176 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.10177 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10178 ander
dutch_allwords.test.10179 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.10180 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10181 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10182 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10183 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10184 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.10185 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10186 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10187 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10188 om_beurten
dutch_allwords.test.10189 om_beurten
dutch_allwords.test.10190 kakelen_kip
dutch_allwords.test.10191 knots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10192 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10193 uitvoeren_doen
dutch_allwords.test.10194 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10195 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10196 kind
dutch_allwords.test.10197 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10198 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10199 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10200 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10201 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10202 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10203 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10204 kakelen_kip
dutch_allwords.test.10205 knots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10206 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10207 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10208 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10209 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.10210 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.10211 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10212 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10213 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10214 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10215 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10216 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10217 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.10218 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10219 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10220 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.10221 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10222 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10223 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10224 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10225 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.10226 kip
dutch_allwords.test.10227 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.10228 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.10229 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10230 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10231 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.10232 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10233 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10234 knots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10235 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.10236 te_gek
dutch_allwords.test.10237 te_gek
dutch_allwords.test.10238 fladderen
dutch_allwords.test.10239 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10240 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10241 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.10242 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10243 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10244 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10245 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.10246 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.10247 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10248 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10249 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10250 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10251 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.10252 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10253 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10254 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10255 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.10256 ontmoeten
dutch_allwords.test.10257 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10258 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.10259 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10260 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10261 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10262 dierebeest
dutch_allwords.test.10263 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10264 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10265 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10266 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.10267 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10268 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10269 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10270 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10271 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10272 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10273 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.10274 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.10275 weten
dutch_allwords.test.10276 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10277 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10278 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10279 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10280 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10281 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10282 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.10283 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.10284 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10285 namelijk_want
dutch_allwords.test.10286 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.10287 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10288 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.10289 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10290 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10291 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10292 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.10293 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10294 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10295 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10296 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10297 eens
dutch_allwords.test.10298 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10299 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10300 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10301 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10302 ezel_dier
dutch_allwords.test.10303 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10304 kind
dutch_allwords.test.10305 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10306 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.10307 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10308 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.10309 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.10310 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.10311 kind
dutch_allwords.test.10312 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10313 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10314 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10315 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.10316 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10317 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10318 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10319 land_zee
dutch_allwords.test.10320 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10321 oppakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.10322 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.10323 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10324 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10325 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10326 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10327 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.10328 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10329 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10330 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10331 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10332 weten
dutch_allwords.test.10333 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10334 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10335 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10336 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10337 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10338 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10339 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10340 zinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.10341 zeeroversschat
dutch_allwords.test.10342 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.10343 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.10344 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10345 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10346 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10347 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.10348 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.10349 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10350 verkopen
dutch_allwords.test.10351 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10352 markt_verkoping
dutch_allwords.test.10353 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10354 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10355 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10356 duikershelm
dutch_allwords.test.10357 zuurstofapparaat
dutch_allwords.test.10358 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.10359 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.10360 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10361 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10362 duiken_zee
dutch_allwords.test.10363 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.10364 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10365 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.10366 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.10367 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10368 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.10369 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10370 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10371 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10372 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10373 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10374 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10375 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10376 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.10377 man_persoon
dutch_allwords.test.10378 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10379 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10380 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10381 kind
dutch_allwords.test.10382 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10383 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10384 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10385 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10386 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10387 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10388 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10389 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10390 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10391 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.10392 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.10393 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.10394 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.10395 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.10396 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10397 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.10398 man_persoon
dutch_allwords.test.10399 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10400 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10401 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.10402 dood
dutch_allwords.test.10403 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10404 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10405 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.10406 afgrazen
dutch_allwords.test.10407 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10408 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10409 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10410 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.10411 leeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10412 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10413 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10414 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10415 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.10416 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10417 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10418 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10419 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10420 huis
dutch_allwords.test.10421 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10422 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10423 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10424 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10425 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10426 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10427 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10428 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10429 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.10430 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.10431 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10432 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.10433 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10434 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10435 omkomen
dutch_allwords.test.10436 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10437 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10438 krom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10439 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10440 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10441 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.10442 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10443 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10444 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10445 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.10446 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10447 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.10448 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.10449 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10450 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10451 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.10452 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10453 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10454 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10455 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10456 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10457 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10458 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10459 krom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10460 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10461 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10462 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10463 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.10464 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10465 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10466 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10467 stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.10468 stil_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.10469 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.10470 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10471 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10472 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10473 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10474 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10475 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10476 om_beurten
dutch_allwords.test.10477 om_beurten
dutch_allwords.test.10478 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10479 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10480 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.10481 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.10482 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10483 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.10484 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10485 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10486 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10487 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10488 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10489 moe_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10490 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10491 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10492 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.10493 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10494 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10495 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10496 morgen_N
dutch_allwords.test.10497 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.10498 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10499 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.10500 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.10501 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.10502 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10503 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10504 goud
dutch_allwords.test.10505 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.10506 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10507 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10508 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10509 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10510 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10511 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.10512 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10513 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.10514 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10515 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10516 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10517 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10518 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10519 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10520 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.10521 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.10522 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10523 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10524 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10525 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10526 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.10527 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10528 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10529 het
dutch_allwords.test.10530 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10531 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.10532 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.10533 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.10534 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.10535 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10536 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.10537 mand
dutch_allwords.test.10538 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10539 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.10540 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10541 groot
dutch_allwords.test.10542 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10543 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.10544 mand
dutch_allwords.test.10545 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10546 goud
dutch_allwords.test.10547 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.10548 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10549 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10550 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10551 tillen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10552 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10553 krom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10554 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10555 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10556 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10557 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10558 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.10559 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10560 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10561 mij
dutch_allwords.test.10562 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10563 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10564 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10565 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10566 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.10567 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10568 gaan_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.10569 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10570 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10571 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10572 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10573 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.10574 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10575 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.10576 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.10577 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10578 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.10579 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10580 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10581 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.10582 weten
dutch_allwords.test.10583 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10584 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10585 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10586 omwisselen_ruilen
dutch_allwords.test.10587 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10588 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10589 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10590 voor_ipv
dutch_allwords.test.10591 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10592 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10593 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10594 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10595 licht_zwaar
dutch_allwords.test.10596 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10597 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.10598 even_gelijk
dutch_allwords.test.10599 rijk_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10600 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10601 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.10602 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10603 bank_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10604 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.10605 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.10606 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10607 vriendelijk
dutch_allwords.test.10608 man_persoon
dutch_allwords.test.10609 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10610 tellen_123
dutch_allwords.test.10611 goud
dutch_allwords.test.10612 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.10613 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10614 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.10615 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10616 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10617 dubbel
dutch_allwords.test.10618 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10619 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.10620 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10621 dubbel
dutch_allwords.test.10622 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.10623 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10624 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10625 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10626 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10627 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.10628 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10629 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.10630 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.10631 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10632 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10633 wegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10634 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10635 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.10636 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10637 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10638 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10639 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10640 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.10641 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10642 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.10643 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10644 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.10645 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10646 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10647 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10648 vrij_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10649 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.10650 bes
dutch_allwords.test.10651 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10652 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10653 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10654 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10655 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.10656 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.10657 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10658 man_persoon
dutch_allwords.test.10659 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10660 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10661 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10662 des_van_de
dutch_allwords.test.10663 koning
dutch_allwords.test.10664 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10665 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10666 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10667 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10668 naar_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.10669 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.10670 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10671 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10672 toekomen_recht
dutch_allwords.test.10673 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10674 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10675 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10676 wet_N
dutch_allwords.test.10677 beschermen
dutch_allwords.test.10678 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10679 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10680 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.10681 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10682 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10683 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10684 nood_moeilijkheden
dutch_allwords.test.10685 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.10686 man_persoon
dutch_allwords.test.10687 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10688 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.10689 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10690 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.10691 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10692 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.10693 kennen_weten_wie,wat
dutch_allwords.test.10694 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10695 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10696 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10697 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10698 gelijk_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10699 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10700 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10701 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10702 behoren_eigendom
dutch_allwords.test.10703 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10704 beschermen
dutch_allwords.test.10705 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10706 tegen_adv(contra)
dutch_allwords.test.10707 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10708 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.10709 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.10710 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.10711 rekenen_sommen
dutch_allwords.test.10712 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.10713 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.10714 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10715 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10716 jammer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10717 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10718 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10719 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.10720 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10721 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10722 aandeel_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10723 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10724 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10725 aandeel_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10726 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.10727 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10728 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10729 aandeel_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10730 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10731 aandeel_geld
dutch_allwords.test.10732 brutaal
dutch_allwords.test.10733 vlerk_brutaal
dutch_allwords.test.10734 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10735 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.10736 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10737 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10738 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10739 liederlijk
dutch_allwords.test.10740 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10741 doorgaan_verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.10742 over_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.10743 over_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.10744 over_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.10745 in_de_haren_vliegen
dutch_allwords.test.10746 in_de_haren_vliegen
dutch_allwords.test.10747 in_de_haren_vliegen
dutch_allwords.test.10748 in_de_haren_vliegen
dutch_allwords.test.10749 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10750 zielig
dutch_allwords.test.10751 sufferd
dutch_allwords.test.10752 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10753 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10754 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10755 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10756 aanvliegen_aanvallen
dutch_allwords.test.10757 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.10758 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10759 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.10760 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10761 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.10762 niets_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10763 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.10764 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.10765 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10766 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10767 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10768 des_van_de
dutch_allwords.test.10769 koning
dutch_allwords.test.10770 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.10771 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10772 niks_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10773 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10774 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10775 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10776 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10777 stoethaspel
dutch_allwords.test.10778 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10779 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10780 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10781 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.10782 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10783 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10784 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10785 in_zijn_eentje
dutch_allwords.test.10786 in_zijn_eentje
dutch_allwords.test.10787 in_zijn_eentje
dutch_allwords.test.10788 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10789 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10790 komen
dutch_allwords.test.10791 gappen
dutch_allwords.test.10792 rottig
dutch_allwords.test.10793 weten
dutch_allwords.test.10794 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10795 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.10796 beschermen
dutch_allwords.test.10797 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10798 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10799 betalen
dutch_allwords.test.10800 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10801 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.10802 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.10803 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10804 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10805 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10806 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10807 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10808 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10809 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10810 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.10811 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.10812 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10813 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.10814 ha
dutch_allwords.test.10815 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.10816 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10817 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10818 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.10819 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10820 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.10821 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.10822 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10823 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10824 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10825 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10826 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10827 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.10828 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10829 krom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10830 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10831 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10832 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10833 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10834 ongelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.10835 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.10836 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10837 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10838 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.10839 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10840 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10841 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.10842 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10843 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10844 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10845 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10846 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10847 ruzie_N
dutch_allwords.test.10848 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10849 knokken
dutch_allwords.test.10850 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10851 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.10852 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10853 schouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.10854 drukken_duwen
dutch_allwords.test.10855 des_van_de
dutch_allwords.test.10856 koning
dutch_allwords.test.10857 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10858 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10859 geld_N
dutch_allwords.test.10860 afpakken
dutch_allwords.test.10861 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10862 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10863 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10864 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.10865 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.10866 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10867 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10868 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10869 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10870 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.10871 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10872 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10873 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10874 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10875 vrij_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10876 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.10877 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.10878 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.10879 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.10880 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10881 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.10882 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.10883 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10884 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10885 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10886 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.10887 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10888 thuiskomen
dutch_allwords.test.10889 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.10890 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.10891 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.10892 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10893 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10894 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.10895 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10896 schuilen_beschutting
dutch_allwords.test.10897 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10898 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.10899 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.10900 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10901 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10902 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10903 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.10904 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10905 koken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.10906 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.10907 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.10908 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.10909 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.10910 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10911 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10912 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.10913 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.10914 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.10915 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.10916 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.10917 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10918 koken_eten
dutch_allwords.test.10919 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.10920 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10921 aardappel
dutch_allwords.test.10922 zout_N
dutch_allwords.test.10923 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10924 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.10925 paddestoel
dutch_allwords.test.10926 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10927 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10928 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10929 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.10930 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.10931 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.10932 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10933 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.10934 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10935 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.10936 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.10937 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10938 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.10939 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.10940 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.10941 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.10942 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.10943 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.10944 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10945 schijnen_zww
dutch_allwords.test.10946 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.10947 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.10948 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10949 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10950 paddestoel
dutch_allwords.test.10951 klein
dutch_allwords.test.10952 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10953 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.10954 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.10955 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.10956 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.10957 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10958 aardappel
dutch_allwords.test.10959 zout_N
dutch_allwords.test.10960 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.10961 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.10962 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.10963 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.10964 mol_dier
dutch_allwords.test.10965 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10966 winterkoning_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.10967 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.10968 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.10969 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.10970 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10971 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10972 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.10973 schitteren_glanzen
dutch_allwords.test.10974 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10975 bij_insekt
dutch_allwords.test.10976 zoemen
dutch_allwords.test.10977 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.10978 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.10979 smaken_V
dutch_allwords.test.10980 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.10981 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10982 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.10983 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.10984 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10985 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.10986 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10987 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.10988 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.10989 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.10990 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10991 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.10992 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.10993 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10994 uitzicht_uitzien_op
dutch_allwords.test.10995 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.10996 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10997 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.10998 bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.10999 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11000 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11001 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11002 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11003 elk
dutch_allwords.test.11004 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11005 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.11006 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11007 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11008 riant
dutch_allwords.test.11009 achter_na
dutch_allwords.test.11010 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.11011 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.11012 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11013 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.11014 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11015 stoplicht
dutch_allwords.test.11016 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11017 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11018 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11019 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.11020 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11021 oversteken
dutch_allwords.test.11022 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.11023 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11024 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11025 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11026 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11027 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.11028 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11029 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11030 tent_kamperen
dutch_allwords.test.11031 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11032 versgeperst
dutch_allwords.test.11033 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.11034 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11035 bochtig
dutch_allwords.test.11036 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.11037 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11038 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11039 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11040 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.11041 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11042 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.11043 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.11044 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.11045 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11046 stevig_fors
dutch_allwords.test.11047 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.11048 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11049 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11050 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11051 vissershuis
dutch_allwords.test.11052 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11053 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.11054 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.11055 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.11056 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11057 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11058 bijten_tanden
dutch_allwords.test.11059 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.11060 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.11061 slenteren
dutch_allwords.test.11062 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11063 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11064 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.11065 bochtig
dutch_allwords.test.11066 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.11067 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11068 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.11069 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11070 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11071 tent_kamperen
dutch_allwords.test.11072 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11073 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11074 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11075 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11076 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11077 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.11078 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11079 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11080 licht_lamp
dutch_allwords.test.11081 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11082 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.11083 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11084 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.11085 slenteren
dutch_allwords.test.11086 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.11087 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11088 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11089 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11090 bank_zitten
dutch_allwords.test.11091 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11092 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11093 tegenover_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11094 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11095 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.11096 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.11097 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.11098 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.11099 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11100 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11101 waterig
dutch_allwords.test.11102 deun
dutch_allwords.test.11103 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11104 grijs
dutch_allwords.test.11105 steen_delfstof
dutch_allwords.test.11106 elk
dutch_allwords.test.11107 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11108 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.11109 eenzaam
dutch_allwords.test.11110 eenzaam
dutch_allwords.test.11111 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11112 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11113 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11114 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11115 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.11116 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11117 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11118 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11119 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11120 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11121 verlegen_schuchter
dutch_allwords.test.11122 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.11123 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11124 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.11125 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11126 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11127 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.11128 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.11129 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11130 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11131 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11132 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.11133 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11134 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11135 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.11136 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11137 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.11138 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11139 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11140 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11141 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11142 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11143 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11144 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.11145 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11146 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11147 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11148 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11149 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11150 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11151 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.11152 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.11153 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11154 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.11155 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.11156 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11157 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.11158 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11159 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.11160 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11161 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11162 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11163 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11164 langs_evenwijdig
dutch_allwords.test.11165 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11166 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.11167 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11168 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11169 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11170 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11171 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11172 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11173 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11174 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.11175 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11176 huis
dutch_allwords.test.11177 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.11178 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.11179 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11180 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11181 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11182 waterig
dutch_allwords.test.11183 taal
dutch_allwords.test.11184 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11185 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11186 verstaan_horen
dutch_allwords.test.11187 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11188 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.11189 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11190 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11191 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.11192 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11193 ineens_plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.11194 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11195 inval_idee
dutch_allwords.test.11196 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.11197 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11198 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11199 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11200 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.11201 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11202 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11203 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11204 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.11205 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11206 olijk
dutch_allwords.test.11207 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11208 nuffig
dutch_allwords.test.11209 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11210 suffig
dutch_allwords.test.11211 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11212 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.11213 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11214 bang
dutch_allwords.test.11215 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11216 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.11217 schommel
dutch_allwords.test.11218 mager
dutch_allwords.test.11219 scharminkel
dutch_allwords.test.11220 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.11221 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11222 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.11223 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11224 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11225 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11226 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11227 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11228 kiezen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11229 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11230 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.11231 harig
dutch_allwords.test.11232 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11233 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.11234 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.11235 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.11236 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.11237 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11238 wandelen
dutch_allwords.test.11239 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11240 klomp
dutch_allwords.test.11241 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.11242 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11243 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.11244 letten_op
dutch_allwords.test.11245 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11246 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11247 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11248 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.11249 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11250 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.11251 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11252 herkennen
dutch_allwords.test.11253 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11254 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11255 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11256 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.11257 inval_idee
dutch_allwords.test.11258 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11259 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.11260 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11261 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11262 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11263 speels
dutch_allwords.test.11264 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11265 steels
dutch_allwords.test.11266 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11267 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11268 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11269 gapen_geeuwen
dutch_allwords.test.11270 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11271 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11272 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11273 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11274 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11275 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.11276 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.11277 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.11278 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11279 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.11280 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11281 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11282 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11283 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11284 kiezen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11285 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11286 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11287 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11288 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.11289 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11290 dun_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11291 sprietig
dutch_allwords.test.11292 haartje
dutch_allwords.test.11293 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.11294 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.11295 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11296 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.11297 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11298 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11299 poot_dier
dutch_allwords.test.11300 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11301 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11302 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11303 weer_N
dutch_allwords.test.11304 meegaan
dutch_allwords.test.11305 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11306 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.11307 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11308 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11309 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.11310 voorstellen_suggereren
dutch_allwords.test.11311 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11312 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11313 opgewekt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11314 klossen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11315 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.11316 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.11317 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11318 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11319 bochtig
dutch_allwords.test.11320 trippelen
dutch_allwords.test.11321 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11322 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.11323 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11324 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11325 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11326 sapkraam
dutch_allwords.test.11327 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.11328 klossen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11329 trippen
dutch_allwords.test.11330 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11331 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11332 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11333 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11334 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11335 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.11336 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11337 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11338 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11339 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11340 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.11341 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11342 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11343 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11344 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11345 riem_band
dutch_allwords.test.11346 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11347 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.11348 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11349 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.11350 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11351 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11352 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11353 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11354 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11355 wandelen
dutch_allwords.test.11356 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11357 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11358 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11359 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11360 steken_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.11361 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11362 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.11363 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11364 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11365 blaffen
dutch_allwords.test.11366 blaffen
dutch_allwords.test.11367 steken_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.11368 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11369 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.11370 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11371 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11372 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11373 stuiven
dutch_allwords.test.11374 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11375 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11376 bevelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11377 streng_N
dutch_allwords.test.11378 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.11379 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11380 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11381 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11382 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11383 weten
dutch_allwords.test.11384 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11385 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11386 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.11387 dollen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11388 tollen_draaien
dutch_allwords.test.11389 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11390 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11391 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11392 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11393 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11394 voorpoot
dutch_allwords.test.11395 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11396 achterpoot
dutch_allwords.test.11397 draaien_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11398 opwinden_druk_maken
dutch_allwords.test.11399 kring
dutch_allwords.test.11400 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.11401 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.11402 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11403 met_zijn_(getal)en
dutch_allwords.test.11404 twee
dutch_allwords.test.11405 stijf_stevig
dutch_allwords.test.11406 vastbinden
dutch_allwords.test.11407 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11408 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11409 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11410 honderiem
dutch_allwords.test.11411 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.11412 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11413 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.11414 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.11415 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11416 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11417 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.11418 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11419 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11420 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.11421 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.11422 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11423 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11424 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11425 kwalijk_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.11426 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11427 spijten
dutch_allwords.test.11428 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11429 verschrikkelijk_intensifier
dutch_allwords.test.11430 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11431 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11432 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.11433 los_vast
dutch_allwords.test.11434 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11435 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11436 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11437 schuld_verantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.11438 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11439 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11440 verzekeren_garanderen
dutch_allwords.test.11441 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11442 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.11443 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11444 vastzitten_aan
dutch_allwords.test.11445 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.11446 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11447 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11448 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11449 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11450 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.11451 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11452 best_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11453 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.11454 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.11455 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11456 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.11457 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11458 in_de_knoop
dutch_allwords.test.11459 in_de_knoop
dutch_allwords.test.11460 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.11461 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11462 groot
dutch_allwords.test.11463 beker_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.11464 opperen
dutch_allwords.test.11465 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11466 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11467 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11468 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11469 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11470 geval_N
dutch_allwords.test.11471 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11472 schrik_N
dutch_allwords.test.11473 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.11474 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11475 tent_kamperen
dutch_allwords.test.11476 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11477 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11478 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11479 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.11480 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11481 elk
dutch_allwords.test.11482 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11483 langs_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11484 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.11485 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11486 verrassen
dutch_allwords.test.11487 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.11488 nemen_aanschaffen
dutch_allwords.test.11489 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11490 schrik_N
dutch_allwords.test.11491 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11492 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11493 vitaminekoekje
dutch_allwords.test.11494 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11495 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11496 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11497 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11498 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11499 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.11500 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11501 met_zijn_getal(en)
dutch_allwords.test.11502 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.11503 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11504 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11505 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11506 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11507 tent_kamperen
dutch_allwords.test.11508 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11509 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11510 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.11511 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11512 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.11513 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11514 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11515 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11516 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11517 trouw_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11518 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11519 met_zijn_(getal)en
dutch_allwords.test.11520 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.11521 vissen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11522 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11523 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11524 afhangen_van
dutch_allwords.test.11525 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11526 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11527 weer_N
dutch_allwords.test.11528 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11529 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11530 volgen_les
dutch_allwords.test.11531 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11532 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.11533 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11534 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11535 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11536 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11537 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11538 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11539 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.11540 winnen_verliezen
dutch_allwords.test.11541 dan_ook
dutch_allwords.test.11542 dan_ook
dutch_allwords.test.11543 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11544 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.11545 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.11546 groot
dutch_allwords.test.11547 medaille
dutch_allwords.test.11548 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11549 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.11550 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11551 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11552 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.11553 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11554 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.11555 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.11556 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.11557 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11558 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11559 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11560 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11561 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11562 betekenen_aanduiden
dutch_allwords.test.11563 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11564 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11565 hond
dutch_allwords.test.11566 slim
dutch_allwords.test.11567 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11568 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.11569 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.11570 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.11571 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11572 in_elk(ieder)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.11573 in_elk(ieder)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.11574 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11575 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11576 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.11577 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11578 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11579 dochter
dutch_allwords.test.11580 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11581 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11582 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.11583 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11584 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11585 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11586 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.11587 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11588 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11589 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11590 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11591 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11592 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11593 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11594 ander
dutch_allwords.test.11595 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11596 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.11597 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11598 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11599 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.11600 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.11601 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11602 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11603 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11604 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.11605 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.11606 elk
dutch_allwords.test.11607 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11608 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11609 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11610 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11611 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.11612 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11613 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11614 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.11615 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11616 vinger
dutch_allwords.test.11617 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11618 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.11619 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11620 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.11621 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.11622 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11623 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11624 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11625 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.11626 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11627 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.11628 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11629 buigen_buigingmaken
dutch_allwords.test.11630 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.11631 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11632 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11633 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11634 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11635 schoon_vuil
dutch_allwords.test.11636 wassen_schoon
dutch_allwords.test.11637 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11638 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11639 glijden
dutch_allwords.test.11640 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.11641 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11642 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.11643 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11644 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11645 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.11646 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11647 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11648 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11649 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11650 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.11651 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11652 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11653 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.11654 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11655 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.11656 uitschelden
dutch_allwords.test.11657 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11658 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11659 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11660 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.11661 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11662 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11663 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11664 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11665 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.11666 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.11667 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.11668 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11669 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11670 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11671 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.11672 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.11673 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11674 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11675 weten
dutch_allwords.test.11676 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11677 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11678 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.11679 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11680 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.11681 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11682 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11683 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11684 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11685 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11686 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.11687 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11688 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11689 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.11690 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.11691 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11692 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.11693 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11694 bijkomen_flauw_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.11695 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.11696 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11697 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11698 prachtig
dutch_allwords.test.11699 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11700 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.11701 schijnen_zww
dutch_allwords.test.11702 duizend
dutch_allwords.test.11703 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.11704 bloeien_plant
dutch_allwords.test.11705 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11706 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11707 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11708 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11709 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11710 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11711 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11712 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.11713 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11714 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11715 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.11716 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.11717 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11718 verbranden_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.11719 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11720 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11721 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.11722 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.11723 gaar_gekookt
dutch_allwords.test.11724 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11725 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.11726 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11727 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.11728 brood
dutch_allwords.test.11729 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11730 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.11731 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11732 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11733 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11734 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.11735 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11736 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.11737 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.11738 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.11739 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.11740 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.11741 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11742 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11743 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.11744 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11745 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.11746 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11747 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11748 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11749 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.11750 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11751 rijp_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11752 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11753 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.11754 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.11755 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11756 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.11757 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.11758 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.11759 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.11760 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11761 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.11762 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11763 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11764 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11765 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11766 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.11767 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.11768 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.11769 net_netjes
dutch_allwords.test.11770 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11771 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11772 hoop_berg
dutch_allwords.test.11773 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11774 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.11775 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.11776 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11777 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.11778 komen
dutch_allwords.test.11779 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11780 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11781 huis
dutch_allwords.test.11782 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11783 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.11784 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.11785 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11786 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11787 aanroepen
dutch_allwords.test.11788 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.11789 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11790 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.11791 groot
dutch_allwords.test.11792 voortand
dutch_allwords.test.11793 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11794 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11795 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11796 doorlopen_opschieten
dutch_allwords.test.11797 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11798 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11799 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.11800 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.11801 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.11802 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11803 na_achter
dutch_allwords.test.11804 doen
dutch_allwords.test.11805 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.11806 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.11807 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11808 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11809 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.11810 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11811 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11812 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.11813 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11814 net_netjes
dutch_allwords.test.11815 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.11816 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.11817 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11818 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11819 letten_op
dutch_allwords.test.11820 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11821 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11822 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11823 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.11824 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11825 opmaken_bed
dutch_allwords.test.11826 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11827 flink_groot
dutch_allwords.test.11828 opschudden
dutch_allwords.test.11829 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11830 veer_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.11831 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11832 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11833 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11834 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11835 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11836 sneeuwen
dutch_allwords.test.11837 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11838 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11839 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.11840 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11841 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11842 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.11843 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11844 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11845 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.11846 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.11847 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11848 moed_durf
dutch_allwords.test.11849 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11850 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11851 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11852 werken_werk
dutch_allwords.test.11853 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.11854 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11855 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11856 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.11857 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11858 opschudden
dutch_allwords.test.11859 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11860 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.11861 flink_groot
dutch_allwords.test.11862 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11863 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11864 veer_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.11865 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.11866 sneeuwvlok
dutch_allwords.test.11867 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11868 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11869 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.11870 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11871 ruil_N
dutch_allwords.test.11872 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11873 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11874 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11875 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.11876 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11877 vallen_
dutch_allwords.test.11878 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11879 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.11880 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.11881 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.11882 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11883 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11884 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.11885 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11886 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11887 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11888 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.11889 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11890 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.11891 weten
dutch_allwords.test.11892 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11893 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11894 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11895 dwars_zitten
dutch_allwords.test.11896 dwars_zitten
dutch_allwords.test.11897 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.11898 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.11899 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11900 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.11901 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11902 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11903 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11904 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.11905 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.11906 hebben_
dutch_allwords.test.11907 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.11908 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11909 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11910 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11911 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.11912 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11913 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11914 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11915 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.11916 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.11917 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11918 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11919 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.11920 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.11921 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11922 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11923 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11924 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11925 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11926 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.11927 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.11928 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11929 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11930 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11931 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11932 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.11933 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.11934 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11935 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.11936 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11937 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.11938 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11939 mij
dutch_allwords.test.11940 werken_werk
dutch_allwords.test.11941 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11942 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.11943 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11944 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11945 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.11946 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.11947 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11948 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11949 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.11950 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11951 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.11952 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11953 groot
dutch_allwords.test.11954 deur
dutch_allwords.test.11955 gaan_
dutch_allwords.test.11956 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.11957 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.11958 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11959 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.11960 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11961 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.11962 regenen
dutch_allwords.test.11963 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.11964 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.11965 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11966 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11967 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11968 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.11969 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11970 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11971 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11972 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.11973 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11974 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.11975 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.11976 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11977 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.11978 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11979 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.11980 van_top_tot_teen
dutch_allwords.test.11981 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.11982 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11983 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11984 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11985 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.11986 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.11987 teruggeven
dutch_allwords.test.11988 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11989 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.11990 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.11991 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.11992 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.11993 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.11994 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.11995 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.11996 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.11997 gaan_
dutch_allwords.test.11998 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.11999 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12000 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.12001 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.12002 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12003 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12004 aarde_planeet
dutch_allwords.test.12005 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12006 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.12007 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12008 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12009 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12010 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12011 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12012 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12013 erf_N
dutch_allwords.test.12014 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12015 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12016 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.12017 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12018 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.12019 kraaien_haan
dutch_allwords.test.12020 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.12021 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.12022 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.12023 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12024 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.12025 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12026 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12027 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12028 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12029 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12030 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.12031 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12032 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12033 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12034 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12035 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12036 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.12037 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12038 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12039 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.12040 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12041 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.12042 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12043 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12044 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12045 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12046 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12047 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12048 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12049 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12050 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12051 bezorgen_verschaffen
dutch_allwords.test.12052 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.12053 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12054 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12055 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.12056 spinnen_draden
dutch_allwords.test.12057 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12058 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12059 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.12060 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.12061 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12062 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.12063 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12064 prikken_steken
dutch_allwords.test.12065 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12066 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12067 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12068 schrammen
dutch_allwords.test.12069 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12070 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12071 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.12072 spoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.12073 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12074 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.12075 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12076 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12077 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.12078 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12079 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12080 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.12081 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.12082 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12083 zuster_familie
dutch_allwords.test.12084 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12085 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.12086 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.12087 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.12088 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.12089 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.12090 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12091 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12092 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12093 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12094 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12095 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12096 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.12097 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12098 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.12099 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12100 verbranden_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.12101 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12102 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12103 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.12104 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12105 gaar_gekookt
dutch_allwords.test.12106 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12107 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12108 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12109 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.12110 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.12111 zin_lust
dutch_allwords.test.12112 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12113 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12114 vuil_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12115 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12116 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.12117 doorlopen_opschieten
dutch_allwords.test.12118 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12119 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.12120 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12121 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12122 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12123 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12124 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.12125 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12126 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.12127 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12128 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12129 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12130 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.12131 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12132 rijp_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12133 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12134 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12135 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.12136 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12137 voorstellen_inbeelden
dutch_allwords.test.12138 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12139 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12140 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12141 appel_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.12142 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12143 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12144 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.12145 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12146 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12147 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12148 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12149 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12150 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12151 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12152 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12153 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12154 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12155 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.12156 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.12157 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.12158 groot
dutch_allwords.test.12159 tand_mond
dutch_allwords.test.12160 aanbieden
dutch_allwords.test.12161 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.12162 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12163 dienst_hulp
dutch_allwords.test.12164 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12165 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.12166 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12167 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12168 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.12169 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12170 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12171 opdragen_bevelen
dutch_allwords.test.12172 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12173 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.12174 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12175 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.12176 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12177 hoop_veel
dutch_allwords.test.12178 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12179 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12180 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12181 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.12182 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12183 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12184 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.12185 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.12186 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12187 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12188 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12189 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.12190 's_morgens
dutch_allwords.test.12191 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12192 opstaan_bed
dutch_allwords.test.12193 opmaken_bed
dutch_allwords.test.12194 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.12195 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12196 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.12197 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12198 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12199 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12200 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12201 horen_behoren(norm)
dutch_allwords.test.12202 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.12203 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12204 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12205 veer_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.12206 rond_rondom
dutch_allwords.test.12207 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12208 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.12209 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.12210 genoeg_hebben_van
dutch_allwords.test.12211 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12212 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12213 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12214 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.12215 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.12216 vertrekken_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.12217 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12218 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12219 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.12220 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12221 best_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12222 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.12223 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.12224 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.12225 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.12226 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12227 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12228 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.12229 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.12230 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12231 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12232 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12233 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12234 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12235 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12236 regenen
dutch_allwords.test.12237 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12238 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12239 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12240 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12241 groot
dutch_allwords.test.12242 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.12243 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12244 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12245 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12246 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12247 loon_N
dutch_allwords.test.12248 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12249 werk_job
dutch_allwords.test.12250 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12251 sluiten_toe
dutch_allwords.test.12252 achter_na
dutch_allwords.test.12253 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12254 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12255 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12256 lui_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12257 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12258 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12259 bedekken
dutch_allwords.test.12260 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12261 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.12262 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12263 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.12264 kraaien_haan
dutch_allwords.test.12265 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.12266 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.12267 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.12268 vies_smerig
dutch_allwords.test.12269 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12270 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12271 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12272 hangen_ergens_aan
dutch_allwords.test.12273 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.12274 gaan_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12275 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12276 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12277 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12278 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12279 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.12280 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12281 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12282 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12283 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12284 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12285 overlijden
dutch_allwords.test.12286 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12287 kind
dutch_allwords.test.12288 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12289 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.12290 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12291 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.12292 besluiten_beslissen
dutch_allwords.test.12293 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12294 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12295 nemen_aanschaffen
dutch_allwords.test.12296 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12297 gezelschap_houden
dutch_allwords.test.12298 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12299 gezelschap_houden
dutch_allwords.test.12300 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12301 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12302 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12303 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12304 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12305 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12306 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12307 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.12308 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.12309 her_en_der
dutch_allwords.test.12310 her_en_der
dutch_allwords.test.12311 her_en_der
dutch_allwords.test.12312 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12313 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12314 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12315 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12316 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12317 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.12318 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.12319 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12320 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.12321 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12322 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12323 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12324 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.12325 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.12326 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12327 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12328 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12329 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12330 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12331 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12332 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12333 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12334 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12335 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12336 weten
dutch_allwords.test.12337 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12338 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12339 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12340 babbelen
dutch_allwords.test.12341 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12342 weten
dutch_allwords.test.12343 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.12344 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12345 gaande_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.12346 gaande_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.12347 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12348 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12349 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.12350 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12351 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12352 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.12353 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12354 bak_kist
dutch_allwords.test.12355 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12356 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.12357 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12358 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12359 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12360 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12361 stilhouden
dutch_allwords.test.12362 kopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12363 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12364 uitnodigen
dutch_allwords.test.12365 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12366 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12367 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12368 rondbrengen
dutch_allwords.test.12369 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12370 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12371 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12372 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.12373 opzetten
dutch_allwords.test.12374 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12375 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12376 snijden_mes
dutch_allwords.test.12377 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.12378 plak_N
dutch_allwords.test.12379 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12380 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12381 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12382 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12383 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12384 smeren_uitstrijken
dutch_allwords.test.12385 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.12386 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12387 tijdens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12388 nieuwtje
dutch_allwords.test.12389 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.12390 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12391 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.12392 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12393 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.12394 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12395 struikelen
dutch_allwords.test.12396 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12397 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12398 bezeren
dutch_allwords.test.12399 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12400 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12401 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12402 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12403 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12404 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.12405 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12406 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12407 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.12408 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12409 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12410 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.12411 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.12412 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12413 doorgaan_verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.12414 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12415 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12416 stoppen_met
dutch_allwords.test.12417 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.12418 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12419 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12420 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12421 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12422 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12423 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12424 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.12425 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12426 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12427 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12428 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12429 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12430 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.12431 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12432 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.12433 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.12434 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.12435 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12436 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12437 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12438 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12439 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.12440 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12441 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12442 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12443 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12444 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12445 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12446 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12447 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12448 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12449 klein
dutch_allwords.test.12450 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.12451 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.12452 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.12453 in_het_rond
dutch_allwords.test.12454 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12455 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12456 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12457 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12458 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.12459 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12460 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12461 steken_plaatsen_in
dutch_allwords.test.12462 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.12463 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12464 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12465 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12466 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12467 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12468 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12469 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12470 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12471 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12472 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12473 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12474 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12475 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12476 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12477 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12478 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12479 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12480 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.12481 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12482 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.12483 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12484 poes
dutch_allwords.test.12485 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12486 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.12487 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12488 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12489 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12490 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.12491 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12492 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12493 kleur_N
dutch_allwords.test.12494 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12495 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.12496 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.12497 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.12498 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.12499 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12500 helder
dutch_allwords.test.12501 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12502 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12503 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12504 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12505 oppakken
dutch_allwords.test.12506 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12507 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12508 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12509 schouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.12510 wrijven
dutch_allwords.test.12511 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12512 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.12513 langs_evenwijdig
dutch_allwords.test.12514 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12515 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.12516 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12517 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12518 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12519 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12520 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.12521 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.12522 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12523 poes
dutch_allwords.test.12524 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12525 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.12526 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.12527 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12528 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12529 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12530 fluweel
dutch_allwords.test.12531 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.12532 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12533 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12534 vorig
dutch_allwords.test.12535 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12536 verhaal_N
dutch_allwords.test.12537 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12538 lezen
dutch_allwords.test.12539 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.12540 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12541 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12542 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12543 klein
dutch_allwords.test.12544 betekenen_aanduiden
dutch_allwords.test.12545 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12546 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12547 aansteken_licht
dutch_allwords.test.12548 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12549 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.12550 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12551 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12552 open_haard
dutch_allwords.test.12553 open_haard
dutch_allwords.test.12554 gieten_schenken
dutch_allwords.test.12555 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12556 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12557 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12558 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12559 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12560 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12561 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12562 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12563 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.12564 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12565 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12566 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.12567 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12568 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12569 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12570 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12571 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12572 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12573 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.12574 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12575 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12576 huis
dutch_allwords.test.12577 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12578 stoppen_in
dutch_allwords.test.12579 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12580 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.12581 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12582 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12583 miauwen
dutch_allwords.test.12584 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.12585 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.12586 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12587 duren
dutch_allwords.test.12588 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12589 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12590 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12591 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12592 hoek
dutch_allwords.test.12593 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12594 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12595 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12596 weten
dutch_allwords.test.12597 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12598 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12599 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12600 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12601 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12602 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12603 rust_stilte
dutch_allwords.test.12604 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12605 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12606 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12607 beetje_N
dutch_allwords.test.12608 leven_lawaai
dutch_allwords.test.12609 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.12610 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.12611 af_en_toe
dutch_allwords.test.12612 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12613 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12614 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.12615 kom_bakje
dutch_allwords.test.12616 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12617 vloer_N
dutch_allwords.test.12618 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12619 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12620 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.12621 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12622 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12623 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12624 luid_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12625 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12626 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12627 sprong_N
dutch_allwords.test.12628 belanden
dutch_allwords.test.12629 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12630 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.12631 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12632 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12633 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12634 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12635 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12636 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.12637 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12638 scheppen_metschep
dutch_allwords.test.12639 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12640 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12641 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12642 bord_eten
dutch_allwords.test.12643 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12644 vloer_N
dutch_allwords.test.12645 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12646 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12647 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.12648 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.12649 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12650 bord_eten
dutch_allwords.test.12651 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12652 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.12653 hap_beet
dutch_allwords.test.12654 leeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12655 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.12656 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12657 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12658 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12659 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12660 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12661 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12662 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12663 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.12664 oprollen_rol
dutch_allwords.test.12665 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12666 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12667 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.12668 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12669 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12670 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12671 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12672 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12673 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12674 optillen
dutch_allwords.test.12675 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12676 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12677 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12678 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.12679 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12680 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12681 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12682 fluweel
dutch_allwords.test.12683 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.12684 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12685 omdraaien_teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.12686 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.12687 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12688 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12689 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.12690 oprollen_rol
dutch_allwords.test.12691 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12692 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12693 deken
dutch_allwords.test.12694 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12695 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.12696 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12697 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12698 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12699 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12700 spinnen_kat
dutch_allwords.test.12701 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12702 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12703 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12704 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.12705 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12706 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12707 knikken_groeten
dutch_allwords.test.12708 goedkeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.12709 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12710 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12711 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12712 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.12713 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.12714 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12715 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12716 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.12717 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12718 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12719 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12720 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12721 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.12722 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12723 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12724 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12725 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12726 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12727 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.12728 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.12729 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12730 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.12731 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12732 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.12733 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12734 verstrijken
dutch_allwords.test.12735 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12736 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12737 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.12738 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12739 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12740 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12741 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12742 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.12743 praten
dutch_allwords.test.12744 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12745 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12746 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12747 hoog_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12748 schel_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12749 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12750 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.12751 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12752 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.12753 opstaan_bed
dutch_allwords.test.12754 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12755 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.12756 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.12757 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.12758 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12759 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.12760 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12761 elk
dutch_allwords.test.12762 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12763 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12764 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.12765 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12766 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12767 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.12768 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12769 aanbreken_moment
dutch_allwords.test.12770 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12771 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12772 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12773 reserveren
dutch_allwords.test.12774 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12775 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12776 inkopen_N
dutch_allwords.test.12777 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12778 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12779 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12780 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12781 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12782 vroeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12783 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12784 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12785 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.12786 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12787 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.12788 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.12789 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12790 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12791 weten
dutch_allwords.test.12792 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12793 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12794 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12795 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12796 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12797 op_slot
dutch_allwords.test.12798 draaien_rond
dutch_allwords.test.12799 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12800 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12801 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12802 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12803 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12804 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12805 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12806 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.12807 gillen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12808 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.12809 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.12810 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12811 nagel_teennagel
dutch_allwords.test.12812 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12813 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.12814 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12815 gordijn
dutch_allwords.test.12816 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12817 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12818 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12819 thuiskomen
dutch_allwords.test.12820 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.12821 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12822 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12823 huis
dutch_allwords.test.12824 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12825 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12826 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12827 groot
dutch_allwords.test.12828 veranderen
dutch_allwords.test.12829 meubel
dutch_allwords.test.12830 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12831 behoorlijk_tamelijk
dutch_allwords.test.12832 toetakelen
dutch_allwords.test.12833 gordijn
dutch_allwords.test.12834 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12835 scheuren_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.12836 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12837 deur
dutch_allwords.test.12838 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.12839 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.12840 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.12841 kras_N
dutch_allwords.test.12842 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.12843 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12844 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12845 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.12846 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12847 strompelen
dutch_allwords.test.12848 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12849 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12850 binnenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.12851 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.12852 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.12853 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12854 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12855 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12856 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.12857 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.12858 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12859 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12860 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12861 aan_een_stuk
dutch_allwords.test.12862 aan_een_stuk
dutch_allwords.test.12863 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12864 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12865 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.12866 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12867 kik_N
dutch_allwords.test.12868 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.12869 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12870 keel_N
dutch_allwords.test.12871 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12872 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12873 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12874 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12875 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.12876 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.12877 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12878 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12879 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12880 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12881 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12882 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12883 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12884 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12885 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.12886 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.12887 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12888 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12889 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12890 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12891 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12892 de_oude_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.12893 de_oude_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.12894 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12895 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12896 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12897 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.12898 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12899 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.12900 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.12901 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12902 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.12903 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.12904 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.12905 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12906 poes
dutch_allwords.test.12907 achteraf_naderhand
dutch_allwords.test.12908 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.12909 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12910 aan_een_stuk
dutch_allwords.test.12911 aan_een_stuk
dutch_allwords.test.12912 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12913 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12914 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12915 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.12916 doorgaan_verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.12917 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12918 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12919 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12920 poes
dutch_allwords.test.12921 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12922 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.12923 mij
dutch_allwords.test.12924 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12925 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12926 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.12927 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.12928 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12929 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12930 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12931 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12932 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.12933 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12934 in_'s_hemelsnaam
dutch_allwords.test.12935 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.12936 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.12937 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12938 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.12939 komen
dutch_allwords.test.12940 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.12941 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12942 uitnodigen
dutch_allwords.test.12943 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12944 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12945 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12946 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12947 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12948 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.12949 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12950 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.12951 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12952 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.12953 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.12954 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.12955 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.12956 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12957 in_de_weer
dutch_allwords.test.12958 in_de_weer
dutch_allwords.test.12959 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12960 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12961 ziek
dutch_allwords.test.12962 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.12963 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12964 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12965 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.12966 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.12967 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12968 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.12969 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12970 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.12971 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12972 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12973 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.12974 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.12975 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.12976 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.12977 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12978 arm_zielig
dutch_allwords.test.12979 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12980 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.12981 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.12982 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.12983 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.12984 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12985 luisteren_radio
dutch_allwords.test.12986 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.12987 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.12988 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.12989 nemen_aanschaffen
dutch_allwords.test.12990 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.12991 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.12992 ander
dutch_allwords.test.12993 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.12994 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.12995 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.12996 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.12997 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.12998 nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.12999 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13000 tochten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13001 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13002 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13003 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13004 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13005 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13006 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.13007 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.13008 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.13009 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13010 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13011 missen_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.13012 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13013 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13014 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13015 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13016 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13017 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13018 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13019 bedanken_dankjewel
dutch_allwords.test.13020 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13021 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13022 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13023 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.13024 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.13025 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13026 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13027 knus
dutch_allwords.test.13028 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13029 vorig
dutch_allwords.test.13030 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13031 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13032 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.13033 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13034 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.13035 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13036 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13037 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13038 betekenen_aanduiden
dutch_allwords.test.13039 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13040 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.13041 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.13042 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.13043 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.13044 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.13045 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.13046 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.13047 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13048 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13049 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13050 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.13051 verlegen_schuchter
dutch_allwords.test.13052 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13053 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13054 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13055 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13056 interesseren
dutch_allwords.test.13057 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13058 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13059 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13060 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13061 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.13062 liever_graag
dutch_allwords.test.13063 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13064 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13065 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13066 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13067 fluweel
dutch_allwords.test.13068 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13069 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13070 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13071 plek
dutch_allwords.test.13072 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13073 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.13074 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13075 achter_na
dutch_allwords.test.13076 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13077 bondbal
dutch_allwords.test.13078 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13079 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.13080 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13081 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.13082 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.13083 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.13084 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13085 kom_bakje
dutch_allwords.test.13086 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13087 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13088 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13089 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13090 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13091 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13092 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13093 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13094 minder_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13095 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13096 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.13097 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13098 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13099 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13100 verwachten
dutch_allwords.test.13101 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13102 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13103 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13104 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13105 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13106 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13107 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13108 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13109 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.13110 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13111 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.13112 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.13113 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13114 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13115 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13116 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.13117 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13118 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13119 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.13120 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.13121 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13122 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.13123 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13124 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13125 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13126 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13127 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13128 besluiten_beslissen
dutch_allwords.test.13129 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13130 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13131 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13132 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13133 doorbrengen
dutch_allwords.test.13134 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13135 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.13136 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13137 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13138 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13139 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13140 poes
dutch_allwords.test.13141 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13142 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.13143 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13144 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13145 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13146 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.13147 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.13148 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.13149 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13150 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13151 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13152 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13153 verkopen
dutch_allwords.test.13154 beste_aanspreking
dutch_allwords.test.13155 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13156 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13157 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13158 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13159 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13160 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13161 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13162 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13163 zin_lust
dutch_allwords.test.13164 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.13165 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13166 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13167 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13168 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.13169 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.13170 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13171 jammer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13172 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13173 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13174 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13175 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13176 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.13177 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13178 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.13179 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13180 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.13181 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13182 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13183 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13184 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13185 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13186 open_haard
dutch_allwords.test.13187 open_haard
dutch_allwords.test.13188 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13189 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13190 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13191 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.13192 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.13193 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13194 tuk_dutje
dutch_allwords.test.13195 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13196 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13197 fluweel
dutch_allwords.test.13198 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13199 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13200 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13201 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13202 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.13203 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.13204 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13205 huilen_wind
dutch_allwords.test.13206 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13207 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.13208 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13209 beuken_V
dutch_allwords.test.13210 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13211 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13212 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13213 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13214 stappen_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.13215 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13216 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13217 rood
dutch_allwords.test.13218 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13219 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.13220 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.13221 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13222 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13223 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13224 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13225 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.13226 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13227 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.13228 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13229 blazen_kat
dutch_allwords.test.13230 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.13231 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13232 aanvliegen_aanvallen
dutch_allwords.test.13233 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13234 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13235 verkopen
dutch_allwords.test.13236 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13237 mep_N
dutch_allwords.test.13238 na_achter
dutch_allwords.test.13239 ander
dutch_allwords.test.13240 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13241 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13242 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.13243 zich_een_hoedje...
dutch_allwords.test.13244 zich_een_hoedje...
dutch_allwords.test.13245 zich_een_hoedje...
dutch_allwords.test.13246 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13247 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13248 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.13249 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13250 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13251 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.13252 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.13253 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13254 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.13255 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13256 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.13257 verbergen
dutch_allwords.test.13258 houden_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.13259 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13260 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.13261 nacht
dutch_allwords.test.13262 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.13263 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13264 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.13265 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13266 fluiten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13267 elk
dutch_allwords.test.13268 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13269 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13270 fluweel
dutch_allwords.test.13271 kussen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13272 durven
dutch_allwords.test.13273 poot_dier
dutch_allwords.test.13274 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13275 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13276 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13277 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13278 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13279 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.13280 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13281 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.13282 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13283 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13284 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13285 nemen_aanschaffen
dutch_allwords.test.13286 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13287 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13288 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13289 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13290 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13291 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13292 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.13293 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13294 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13295 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13296 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13297 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13298 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13299 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13300 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13301 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.13302 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.13303 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13304 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13305 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13306 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13307 mij
dutch_allwords.test.13308 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.13309 eerder_vroeger
dutch_allwords.test.13310 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.13311 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13312 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13313 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13314 oplossing_antwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13315 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13316 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13317 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13318 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13319 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13320 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13321 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13322 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13323 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13324 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13325 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13326 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.13327 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13328 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13329 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13330 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13331 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13332 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13333 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13334 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13335 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13336 klappen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.13337 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13338 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.13339 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.13340 veren_V
dutch_allwords.test.13341 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.13342 op_omhoog
dutch_allwords.test.13343 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.13344 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13345 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.13346 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13347 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13348 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13349 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13350 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.13351 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13352 stoel_N
dutch_allwords.test.13353 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.13354 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.13355 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13356 op_en_neer
dutch_allwords.test.13357 neer_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13358 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.13359 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13360 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13361 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.13362 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.13363 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.13364 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13365 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.13366 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.13367 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13368 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13369 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13370 mondhoek
dutch_allwords.test.13371 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13372 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.13373 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.13374 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13375 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13376 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13377 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13378 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13379 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13380 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.13381 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13382 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13383 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13384 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.13385 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13386 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.13387 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13388 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.13389 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13390 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13391 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13392 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.13393 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13394 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13395 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13396 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.13397 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.13398 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13399 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13400 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13401 nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.13402 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13403 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13404 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.13405 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13406 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13407 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13408 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13409 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13410 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13411 bouwen
dutch_allwords.test.13412 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13413 schuur_N
dutch_allwords.test.13414 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13415 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13416 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13417 naaien
dutch_allwords.test.13418 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.13419 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13420 gordijn
dutch_allwords.test.13421 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13422 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13423 spannen_voor_de_ploeg
dutch_allwords.test.13424 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13425 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13426 rijden
dutch_allwords.test.13427 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13428 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13429 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.13430 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13431 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.13432 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13433 gaande_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.13434 gaande_zijn
dutch_allwords.test.13435 elk
dutch_allwords.test.13436 tijdens_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13437 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13438 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13439 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.13440 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.13441 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.13442 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13443 gieren_suizen
dutch_allwords.test.13444 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13445 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13446 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13447 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13448 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13449 schommelstoel
dutch_allwords.test.13450 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13451 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13452 loeien
dutch_allwords.test.13453 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.13454 oprollen_rol
dutch_allwords.test.13455 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13456 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13457 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13458 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13459 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13460 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.13461 nestelen_zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13462 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13463 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13464 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13465 schoot_N
dutch_allwords.test.13466 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.13467 mij
dutch_allwords.test.13468 gniffelen
dutch_allwords.test.13469 ernstig_serieus
dutch_allwords.test.13470 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13471 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13472 verwachten
dutch_allwords.test.13473 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13474 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13475 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.13476 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13477 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13478 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13479 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13480 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13481 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.13482 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13483 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.13484 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.13485 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13486 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.13487 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13488 vrolijk
dutch_allwords.test.13489 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13490 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13491 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13492 (geen)_kwaad_kunnen
dutch_allwords.test.13493 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13494 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13495 beslist_stellig
dutch_allwords.test.13496 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.13497 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13498 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.13499 ongeduldig
dutch_allwords.test.13500 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13501 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13502 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.13503 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13504 wegduiken
dutch_allwords.test.13505 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13506 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13507 ander
dutch_allwords.test.13508 kind
dutch_allwords.test.13509 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13510 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13511 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.13512 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13513 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.13514 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13515 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13516 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.13517 trots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13518 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13519 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13520 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13521 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13522 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13523 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13524 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13525 plagen
dutch_allwords.test.13526 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13527 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13528 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13529 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13530 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.13531 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13532 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13533 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13534 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13535 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.13536 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13537 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13538 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13539 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.13540 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13541 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.13542 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13543 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13544 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13545 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13546 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13547 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13548 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13549 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.13550 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13551 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13552 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.13553 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13554 hebben_
dutch_allwords.test.13555 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.13556 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13557 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.13558 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.13559 kloppen_deur
dutch_allwords.test.13560 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13561 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13562 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13563 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13564 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.13565 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13566 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13567 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13568 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.13569 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13570 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13571 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.13572 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13573 heilig
dutch_allwords.test.13574 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13575 vernoemen
dutch_allwords.test.13576 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13577 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.13578 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.13579 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.13580 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13581 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.13582 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.13583 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13584 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.13585 cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.13586 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13587 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.13588 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13589 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13590 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.13591 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13592 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13593 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13594 feestelijk
dutch_allwords.test.13595 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.13596 welk
dutch_allwords.test.13597 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.13598 glippen
dutch_allwords.test.13599 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.13600 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13601 te_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13602 te_voorschijn
dutch_allwords.test.13603 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.13604 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13605 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13606 boos
dutch_allwords.test.13607 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13608 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13609 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.13610 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.13611 weten
dutch_allwords.test.13612 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13613 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13614 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13615 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.13616 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.13617 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13618 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.13619 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13620 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13621 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.13622 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.13623 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13624 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.13625 rat
dutch_allwords.test.13626 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13627 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13628 wassen_schoon
dutch_allwords.test.13629 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13630 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13631 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13632 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13633 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.13634 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13635 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13636 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13637 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13638 uitkijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.13639 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13640 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13641 mij
dutch_allwords.test.13642 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13643 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13644 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.13645 mij
dutch_allwords.test.13646 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13647 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13648 gehoorzamen
dutch_allwords.test.13649 afvragen
dutch_allwords.test.13650 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13651 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13652 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13653 weten
dutch_allwords.test.13654 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13655 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.13656 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13657 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13658 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13659 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.13660 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13661 vallen_nacht
dutch_allwords.test.13662 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13663 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.13664 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.13665 op_het_eerste_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.13666 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13667 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13668 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.13669 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13670 groot
dutch_allwords.test.13671 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.13672 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13673 glinsteren
dutch_allwords.test.13674 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.13675 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.13676 wagen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13677 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13678 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13679 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13680 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13681 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13682 wijzen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13683 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13684 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13685 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.13686 schaduw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13687 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13688 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13689 weten
dutch_allwords.test.13690 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13691 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13692 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13693 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13694 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.13695 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13696 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.13697 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13698 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13699 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13700 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13701 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13702 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13703 weten
dutch_allwords.test.13704 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13705 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13706 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13707 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13708 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13709 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13710 ander
dutch_allwords.test.13711 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.13712 plagen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13713 vorig
dutch_allwords.test.13714 week_7_dagen
dutch_allwords.test.13715 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13716 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13717 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13718 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.13719 geloven_niet_zeker_weten
dutch_allwords.test.13720 aarzelen
dutch_allwords.test.13721 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13722 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13723 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13724 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13725 arm_rijk
dutch_allwords.test.13726 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13727 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13728 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13729 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13730 ander
dutch_allwords.test.13731 kant_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13732 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13733 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13734 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.13735 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.13736 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13737 komen
dutch_allwords.test.13738 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.13739 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13740 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.13741 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.13742 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.13743 kachel_verwarming
dutch_allwords.test.13744 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13745 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13746 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13747 overblijven_rest
dutch_allwords.test.13748 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.13749 peinzen
dutch_allwords.test.13750 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13751 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13752 zo_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.13753 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.13754 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13755 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13756 meegaan
dutch_allwords.test.13757 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13758 mij
dutch_allwords.test.13759 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13760 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.13761 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13762 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13763 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13764 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13765 dom_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13766 plan_idee
dutch_allwords.test.13767 ook_al
dutch_allwords.test.13768 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.13769 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13770 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13771 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13772 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.13773 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.13774 drinken_N
dutch_allwords.test.13775 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.13776 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13777 ander
dutch_allwords.test.13778 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.13779 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13780 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.13781 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13782 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13783 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.13784 eind_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.13785 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13786 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.13787 aantrekken_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.13788 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13789 nieuw_oud
dutch_allwords.test.13790 laars
dutch_allwords.test.13791 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13792 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13793 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13794 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13795 bedenken_verzinnen
dutch_allwords.test.13796 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13797 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.13798 spel_materiaal
dutch_allwords.test.13799 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13800 groot
dutch_allwords.test.13801 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.13802 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13803 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.13804 houtblok
dutch_allwords.test.13805 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13806 groot
dutch_allwords.test.13807 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13808 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.13809 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13810 roosteren
dutch_allwords.test.13811 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13812 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.13813 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13814 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.13815 huiveren
dutch_allwords.test.13816 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13817 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13818 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13819 afvragen
dutch_allwords.test.13820 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13821 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13822 nieuw_oud
dutch_allwords.test.13823 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13824 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.13825 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.13826 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13827 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.13828 trots_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13829 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13830 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13831 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13832 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13833 riem_band
dutch_allwords.test.13834 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.13835 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13836 echt_nietvals
dutch_allwords.test.13837 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.13838 wie_weet
dutch_allwords.test.13839 wie_weet
dutch_allwords.test.13840 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13841 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13842 gevaarlijk
dutch_allwords.test.13843 dier
dutch_allwords.test.13844 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13845 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13846 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.13847 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.13848 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.13849 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13850 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.13851 drinken_N
dutch_allwords.test.13852 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13853 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13854 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13855 slee_N
dutch_allwords.test.13856 laden_vrachtwagen
dutch_allwords.test.13857 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.13858 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.13859 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.13860 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13861 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.13862 heerlijk
dutch_allwords.test.13863 geur_N
dutch_allwords.test.13864 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13865 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13866 roosteren
dutch_allwords.test.13867 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13868 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.13869 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13870 beloven
dutch_allwords.test.13871 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13872 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.13873 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13874 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.13875 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13876 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.13877 liever_graag
dutch_allwords.test.13878 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13879 groot
dutch_allwords.test.13880 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13881 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.13882 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13883 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13884 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13885 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13886 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13887 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13888 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13889 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.13890 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.13891 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13892 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13893 zak_N
dutch_allwords.test.13894 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13895 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13896 schouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.13897 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13898 plek
dutch_allwords.test.13899 zakken_V
dutch_allwords.test.13900 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13901 knie
dutch_allwords.test.13902 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13903 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13904 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.13905 ijzig_koud
dutch_allwords.test.13906 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.13907 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13908 traan
dutch_allwords.test.13909 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13910 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13911 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.13912 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.13913 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13914 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13915 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.13916 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13917 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.13918 glijden
dutch_allwords.test.13919 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13920 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.13921 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13922 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13923 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13924 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13925 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.13926 realiseren_beseffen
dutch_allwords.test.13927 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13928 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.13929 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13930 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13931 raken_geraken
dutch_allwords.test.13932 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.13933 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13934 snikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.13935 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13936 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.13937 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13938 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13939 optillen
dutch_allwords.test.13940 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13941 borstelen
dutch_allwords.test.13942 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.13943 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13944 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.13945 slee_N
dutch_allwords.test.13946 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13947 recht_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13948 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13949 ijs_water
dutch_allwords.test.13950 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13951 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13952 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13953 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13954 glinsteren
dutch_allwords.test.13955 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13956 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13957 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13958 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.13959 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13960 groot
dutch_allwords.test.13961 kop_op
dutch_allwords.test.13962 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13963 klein
dutch_allwords.test.13964 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13965 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.13966 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.13967 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.13968 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.13969 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13970 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13971 voetspoor
dutch_allwords.test.13972 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.13973 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.13974 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.13975 gemakkelijk_eenvoudig
dutch_allwords.test.13976 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.13977 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13978 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.13979 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13980 bevriezen
dutch_allwords.test.13981 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.13982 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.13983 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.13984 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.13985 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.13986 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.13987 letten_op
dutch_allwords.test.13988 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.13989 precies_exact
dutch_allwords.test.13990 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.13991 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.13992 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13993 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.13994 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.13995 gelijk_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.13996 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.13997 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.13998 gemakkelijk_eenvoudig
dutch_allwords.test.13999 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.14000 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.14001 aanstampen
dutch_allwords.test.14002 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14003 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14004 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14005 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.14006 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14007 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14008 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.14009 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14010 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14011 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14012 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14013 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14014 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14015 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14016 doordringen
dutch_allwords.test.14017 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14018 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14019 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14020 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14021 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.14022 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.14023 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14024 verlegen_om
dutch_allwords.test.14025 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.14026 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.14027 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14028 uittrekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.14029 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14030 bedenken_denkenaan
dutch_allwords.test.14031 verrassen
dutch_allwords.test.14032 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14033 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.14034 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14035 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.14036 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14037 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14038 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14039 glinsteren
dutch_allwords.test.14040 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.14041 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14042 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14043 komen
dutch_allwords.test.14044 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14045 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.14046 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14047 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14048 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14049 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14050 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14051 bevriezen
dutch_allwords.test.14052 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14053 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14054 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14055 beeld_beeldhouwwerk
dutch_allwords.test.14056 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.14057 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14058 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14059 glanzen
dutch_allwords.test.14060 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14061 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.14062 kaars
dutch_allwords.test.14063 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.14064 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14065 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.14066 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14067 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14068 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14069 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.14070 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14071 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14072 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14073 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14074 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.14075 komen
dutch_allwords.test.14076 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14077 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14078 huis
dutch_allwords.test.14079 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14080 voet_onderste_deel
dutch_allwords.test.14081 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14082 berg_heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.14083 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.14084 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.14085 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14086 ver
dutch_allwords.test.14087 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14088 groet_N
dutch_allwords.test.14089 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14090 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14091 komen
dutch_allwords.test.14092 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.14093 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14094 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14095 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.14096 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14097 gestalte
dutch_allwords.test.14098 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14099 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.14100 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14101 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14102 lang_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.14103 sterk
dutch_allwords.test.14104 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14105 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14106 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14107 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14108 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14109 schouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.14110 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14111 klein
dutch_allwords.test.14112 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14113 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14114 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14115 slee_N
dutch_allwords.test.14116 eenmaal_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.14117 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.14118 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14119 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.14120 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14121 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14122 armetierig
dutch_allwords.test.14123 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.14124 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14125 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14126 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14127 tot_leven_komen
dutch_allwords.test.14128 tot_leven_komen
dutch_allwords.test.14129 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14130 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14131 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.14132 drinken_N
dutch_allwords.test.14133 uitpakken_verpakking
dutch_allwords.test.14134 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.14135 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14136 pas_nogmaar
dutch_allwords.test.14137 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14138 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14139 overkomen_gebeuren
dutch_allwords.test.14140 weten
dutch_allwords.test.14141 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14142 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14143 realiseren_beseffen
dutch_allwords.test.14144 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14145 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.14146 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14147 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14148 gedragen
dutch_allwords.test.14149 bepaald_adv_(wat_je_noemt)
dutch_allwords.test.14150 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14151 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.14152 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14153 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14154 vuur_vlam
dutch_allwords.test.14155 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14156 oplaaien
dutch_allwords.test.14157 dekken_tafel
dutch_allwords.test.14158 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.14159 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14160 kind
dutch_allwords.test.14161 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.14162 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14163 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14164 oud_leeftijd
dutch_allwords.test.14165 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14166 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14167 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.14168 oud_leeftijd
dutch_allwords.test.14169 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14170 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.14171 bekijken_kijken_naar
dutch_allwords.test.14172 verwonderen
dutch_allwords.test.14173 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14174 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14175 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14176 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14177 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14178 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14179 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14180 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14181 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14182 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14183 eenvoudig
dutch_allwords.test.14184 huis
dutch_allwords.test.14185 vieren_feest
dutch_allwords.test.14186 ouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.14187 kind
dutch_allwords.test.14188 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14189 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14190 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14191 dromen_wensen
dutch_allwords.test.14192 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14193 roosteren
dutch_allwords.test.14194 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14195 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14196 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.14197 pastei
dutch_allwords.test.14198 taart
dutch_allwords.test.14199 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14200 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.14201 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14202 vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.14203 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.14204 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.14205 oud_nieuw
dutch_allwords.test.14206 vriend
dutch_allwords.test.14207 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14208 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14209 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14210 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14211 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.14212 afloop_einde
dutch_allwords.test.14213 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14214 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14215 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14216 kruimel
dutch_allwords.test.14217 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14218 op_verbruikt
dutch_allwords.test.14219 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14220 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14221 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.14222 over_rest
dutch_allwords.test.14223 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.14224 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14225 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.14226 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14227 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.14228 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14229 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14230 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14231 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14232 kletsen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14233 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14234 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14235 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14236 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.14237 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14238 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.14239 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14240 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14241 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14242 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14243 bos_bomen
dutch_allwords.test.14244 komen
dutch_allwords.test.14245 weten
dutch_allwords.test.14246 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14247 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.14248 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.14249 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14250 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14251 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.14252 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.14253 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14254 huis
dutch_allwords.test.14255 halen_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.14256 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14257 dierbaar
dutch_allwords.test.14258 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.14259 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14260 riem_band
dutch_allwords.test.14261 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.14262 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14263 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14264 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14265 plek
dutch_allwords.test.14266 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14267 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14268 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14269 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14270 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.14271 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.14272 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14273 weten
dutch_allwords.test.14274 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14275 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14276 blij
dutch_allwords.test.14277 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14278 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.14279 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14280 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.14281 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14282 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.14283 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14284 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14285 voetspoor
dutch_allwords.test.14286 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.14287 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14288 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14289 inhalen_achterstand
dutch_allwords.test.14290 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14291 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14292 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.14293 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.14294 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.14295 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14296 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14297 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.14298 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.14299 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.14300 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14301 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14302 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14303 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14304 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14305 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.14306 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14307 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.14308 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.14309 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14310 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.14311 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14312 stralen_zon
dutch_allwords.test.14313 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14314 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14315 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.14316 trekken_tocht
dutch_allwords.test.14317 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14318 heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.14319 stoffig
dutch_allwords.test.14320 weg_N
dutch_allwords.test.14321 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14322 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14323 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.14324 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14325 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14326 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14327 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14328 een_frisse_neus_halen
dutch_allwords.test.14329 een_frisse_neus_halen
dutch_allwords.test.14330 een_frisse_neus_halen
dutch_allwords.test.14331 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14332 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14333 een_frisse_neus_halen
dutch_allwords.test.14334 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14335 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14336 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14337 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14338 aap
dutch_allwords.test.14339 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14340 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.14341 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14342 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14343 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14344 dun_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14345 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14346 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14347 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14348 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.14349 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14350 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14351 rondrijden
dutch_allwords.test.14352 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14353 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14354 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14355 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14356 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14357 op_pad
dutch_allwords.test.14358 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14359 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.14360 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14361 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14362 stelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14363 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14364 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14365 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14366 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14367 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14368 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14369 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.14370 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14371 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14372 waakzaam
dutch_allwords.test.14373 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.14374 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14375 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14376 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.14377 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14378 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14379 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14380 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14381 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14382 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14383 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14384 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14385 trouw_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14386 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14387 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14388 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14389 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14390 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.14391 lezen
dutch_allwords.test.14392 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14393 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14394 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14395 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14396 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.14397 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.14398 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14399 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14400 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14401 doek_N
dutch_allwords.test.14402 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14403 koek
dutch_allwords.test.14404 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.14405 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14406 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.14407 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14408 jager_mens
dutch_allwords.test.14409 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14410 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.14411 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14412 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14413 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.14414 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14415 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14416 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14417 ander
dutch_allwords.test.14418 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.14419 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14420 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14421 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14422 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14423 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14424 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14425 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14426 pijp_roken
dutch_allwords.test.14427 roken_sigaret
dutch_allwords.test.14428 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14429 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14430 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14431 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14432 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.14433 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14434 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14435 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14436 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14437 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14438 groot
dutch_allwords.test.14439 strik_knoop
dutch_allwords.test.14440 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14441 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14442 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14443 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14444 boot
dutch_allwords.test.14445 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14446 schilder_N
dutch_allwords.test.14447 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14448 doek_N
dutch_allwords.test.14449 verf_N
dutch_allwords.test.14450 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.14451 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.14452 buiten_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.14453 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.14454 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14455 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.14456 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.14457 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14458 genieten_plezier
dutch_allwords.test.14459 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.14460 verschijnen
dutch_allwords.test.14461 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.14462 donker_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.14463 wolk
dutch_allwords.test.14464 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14465 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.14466 opsteken_wind
dutch_allwords.test.14467 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14468 hevig
dutch_allwords.test.14469 stormachtig
dutch_allwords.test.14470 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14471 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14472 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.14473 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14474 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.14475 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14476 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14477 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14478 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14479 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.14480 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.14481 opnemen_oppakken
dutch_allwords.test.14482 ronddraaien
dutch_allwords.test.14483 omkeren_iets
dutch_allwords.test.14484 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14485 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14486 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.14487 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14488 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14489 uit_het_veld_slaan
dutch_allwords.test.14490 uit_het_veld_slaan
dutch_allwords.test.14491 uit_het_veld_slaan
dutch_allwords.test.14492 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14493 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.14494 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.14495 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14496 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14497 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.14498 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14499 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14500 aap
dutch_allwords.test.14501 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14502 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.14503 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14504 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.14505 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14506 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.14507 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14508 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14509 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14510 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.14511 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14512 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.14513 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.14514 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.14515 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14516 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14517 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14518 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14519 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14520 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.14521 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14522 veer_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.14523 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14524 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.14525 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.14526 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.14527 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14528 omhelzen
dutch_allwords.test.14529 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14530 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14531 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14532 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.14533 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14534 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14535 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.14536 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14537 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14538 laten_nietdoen
dutch_allwords.test.14539 dun_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14540 vasthouden_grijpen
dutch_allwords.test.14541 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14542 man_echtgenoot
dutch_allwords.test.14543 stevig_fors
dutch_allwords.test.14544 vast_los
dutch_allwords.test.14545 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14546 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14547 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14548 door_dik_en_dun
dutch_allwords.test.14549 door_dik_en_dun
dutch_allwords.test.14550 door_dik_en_dun
dutch_allwords.test.14551 door_dik_en_dun
dutch_allwords.test.14552 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.14553 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.14554 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14555 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14556 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14557 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14558 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14559 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.14560 hoed_N
dutch_allwords.test.14561 achterlaten
dutch_allwords.test.14562 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14563 gat_opening
dutch_allwords.test.14564 achter_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14565 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14566 vergeten
dutch_allwords.test.14567 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14568 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14569 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14570 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.14571 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14572 ramp
dutch_allwords.test.14573 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.14574 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14575 melk_N
dutch_allwords.test.14576 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.14577 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14578 plukken
dutch_allwords.test.14579 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.14580 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.14581 overwegen
dutch_allwords.test.14582 in_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.14583 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14584 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14585 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.14586 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.14587 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.14588 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14589 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14590 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14591 durven
dutch_allwords.test.14592 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14593 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.14594 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.14595 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14596 krijsen
dutch_allwords.test.14597 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.14598 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.14599 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.14600 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14601 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14602 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14603 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14604 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14605 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14606 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14607 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14608 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14609 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.14610 sluiten_toe
dutch_allwords.test.14611 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14612 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14613 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14614 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14615 dicht_nabij
dutch_allwords.test.14616 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14617 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14618 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14619 aandrukken
dutch_allwords.test.14620 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14621 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14622 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.14623 dicht_nabij
dutch_allwords.test.14624 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14625 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14626 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14627 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14628 tand_mond
dutch_allwords.test.14629 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14630 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14631 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.14632 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.14633 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14634 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.14635 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.14636 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14637 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14638 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14639 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14640 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14641 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14642 vol_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.14643 vaart_snelheid
dutch_allwords.test.14644 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14645 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14646 komen
dutch_allwords.test.14647 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.14648 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14649 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14650 bijzonder_zeer
dutch_allwords.test.14651 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14652 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14653 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14654 botsen
dutch_allwords.test.14655 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.14656 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14657 rood
dutch_allwords.test.14658 koon
dutch_allwords.test.14659 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.14660 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14661 greep_N
dutch_allwords.test.14662 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14663 lijn_draad
dutch_allwords.test.14664 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.14665 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14666 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.14667 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14668 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14669 voorbijrazen
dutch_allwords.test.14670 vis_N
dutch_allwords.test.14671 bijten_tanden
dutch_allwords.test.14672 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14673 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14674 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14675 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14676 kieuw
dutch_allwords.test.14677 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14678 lucht_zuurstof
dutch_allwords.test.14679 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.14680 blazen_mond
dutch_allwords.test.14681 boer_agrarier
dutch_allwords.test.14682 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14683 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.14684 door_vermengd
dutch_allwords.test.14685 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.14686 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14687 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14688 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14689 wijd_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14690 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.14691 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14692 loeien
dutch_allwords.test.14693 steken_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.14694 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14695 tong_mond
dutch_allwords.test.14696 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.14697 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.14698 stormen_rennen
dutch_allwords.test.14699 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14700 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14701 likken_V
dutch_allwords.test.14702 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.14703 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14704 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14705 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14706 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14707 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14708 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14709 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.14710 spatten_V
dutch_allwords.test.14711 beloven
dutch_allwords.test.14712 ei
dutch_allwords.test.14713 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14714 leggen_ei
dutch_allwords.test.14715 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14716 noodweer_slechtweer
dutch_allwords.test.14717 voorbij_afgelopen
dutch_allwords.test.14718 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14719 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14720 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14721 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14722 trouw_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14723 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14724 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14725 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14726 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.14727 kap_N
dutch_allwords.test.14728 stevig_fors
dutch_allwords.test.14729 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14730 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14731 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.14732 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.14733 trouw_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14734 kwispelen
dutch_allwords.test.14735 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14736 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14737 tong_mond
dutch_allwords.test.14738 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14739 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14740 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14741 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14742 klein
dutch_allwords.test.14743 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.14744 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14745 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14746 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14747 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14748 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14749 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.14750 lezen
dutch_allwords.test.14751 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14752 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14753 bladzijde
dutch_allwords.test.14754 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14755 razend_heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.14756 vaart_snelheid
dutch_allwords.test.14757 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14758 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14759 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14760 omslaan_bladzijde
dutch_allwords.test.14761 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.14762 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14763 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14764 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14765 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.14766 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14767 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14768 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.14769 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14770 groot
dutch_allwords.test.14771 strik_knoop
dutch_allwords.test.14772 vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14773 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.14774 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14775 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14776 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14777 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.14778 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14779 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14780 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.14781 raken_aanraken
dutch_allwords.test.14782 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14783 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14784 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14785 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.14786 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14787 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14788 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.14789 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.14790 leunen
dutch_allwords.test.14791 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14792 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14793 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14794 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14795 poes
dutch_allwords.test.14796 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14797 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14798 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14799 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14800 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.14801 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14802 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.14803 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14804 baas_leiding
dutch_allwords.test.14805 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14806 woord
dutch_allwords.test.14807 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.14808 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14809 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14810 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14811 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14812 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14813 rood
dutch_allwords.test.14814 doek_N
dutch_allwords.test.14815 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14816 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14817 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14818 mand
dutch_allwords.test.14819 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.14820 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.14821 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14822 koekje
dutch_allwords.test.14823 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14824 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14825 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.14826 afreageren
dutch_allwords.test.14827 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.14828 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14829 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14830 regen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14831 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14832 koekje
dutch_allwords.test.14833 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14834 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14835 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.14836 opvangen_vangen
dutch_allwords.test.14837 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14838 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14839 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14840 mond_gezicht
dutch_allwords.test.14841 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14842 missen_raken
dutch_allwords.test.14843 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14844 jager_mens
dutch_allwords.test.14845 opletten
dutch_allwords.test.14846 totaal_N
dutch_allwords.test.14847 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14848 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14849 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.14850 houden_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.14851 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.14852 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14853 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14854 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.14855 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.14856 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14857 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.14858 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14859 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.14860 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.14861 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14862 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14863 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.14864 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14865 jager_mens
dutch_allwords.test.14866 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14867 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.14868 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.14869 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.14870 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.14871 verschuilen
dutch_allwords.test.14872 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14873 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14874 hoog_groot
dutch_allwords.test.14875 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.14876 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14877 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14878 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14879 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14880 kant_richting
dutch_allwords.test.14881 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14882 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14883 wensen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14884 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14885 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.14886 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.14887 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14888 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14889 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.14890 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14891 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.14892 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14893 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.14894 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14895 buigen_krommen
dutch_allwords.test.14896 afbreken_slopen
dutch_allwords.test.14897 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14898 kolken_V
dutch_allwords.test.14899 wensen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14900 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14901 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14902 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14903 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14904 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.14905 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.14906 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.14907 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14908 pijp_roken
dutch_allwords.test.14909 snakken_adem
dutch_allwords.test.14910 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14911 adem_N
dutch_allwords.test.14912 rook_vuur
dutch_allwords.test.14913 as_brand
dutch_allwords.test.14914 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.14915 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14916 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.14917 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14918 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14919 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.14920 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14921 bries
dutch_allwords.test.14922 kriebelen_kietelen
dutch_allwords.test.14923 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14924 zacht_stof
dutch_allwords.test.14925 plek
dutch_allwords.test.14926 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.14927 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14928 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14929 giechelen
dutch_allwords.test.14930 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14931 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14932 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14933 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.14934 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14935 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14936 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.14937 hoed_N
dutch_allwords.test.14938 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.14939 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14940 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.14941 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14942 aap
dutch_allwords.test.14943 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14944 kauwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.14945 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14946 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14947 bloemenhap
dutch_allwords.test.14948 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.14949 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14950 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.14951 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14952 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.14953 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.14954 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14955 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14956 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.14957 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.14958 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.14959 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.14960 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14961 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.14962 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14963 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.14964 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.14965 woest
dutch_allwords.test.14966 orkaan
dutch_allwords.test.14967 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.14968 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.14969 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.14970 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14971 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14972 boot
dutch_allwords.test.14973 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.14974 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14975 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14976 veilig
dutch_allwords.test.14977 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.14978 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.14979 meren_V
dutch_allwords.test.14980 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14981 boot
dutch_allwords.test.14982 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14983 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14984 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.14985 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.14986 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14987 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.14988 weer_N
dutch_allwords.test.14989 schilder_N
dutch_allwords.test.14990 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.14991 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.14992 groot
dutch_allwords.test.14993 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.14994 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.14995 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.14996 volspatten
dutch_allwords.test.14997 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.14998 kleur_N
dutch_allwords.test.14999 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15000 verf_N
dutch_allwords.test.15001 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15002 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.15003 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.15004 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15005 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15006 doek_N
dutch_allwords.test.15007 spuiten_V
dutch_allwords.test.15008 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15009 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15010 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15011 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15012 ongeluk_tegenslag
dutch_allwords.test.15013 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15014 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15015 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15016 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15017 inlijsten
dutch_allwords.test.15018 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.15019 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15020 houden_blijven
dutch_allwords.test.15021 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15022 koninklijk
dutch_allwords.test.15023 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.15024 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.15025 bijzonder_zeer
dutch_allwords.test.15026 opwindend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15027 koningin_vorstin
dutch_allwords.test.15028 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15029 voornaam_deftig
dutch_allwords.test.15030 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15031 vermaken_plezier
dutch_allwords.test.15032 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15033 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15034 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15035 even_gelijk
dutch_allwords.test.15036 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.15037 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15038 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15039 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.15040 ophouden_stoppen
dutch_allwords.test.15041 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15042 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15043 wolk
dutch_allwords.test.15044 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.15045 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.15046 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15047 liggen_wind
dutch_allwords.test.15048 vegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15049 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15050 stof_vuil
dutch_allwords.test.15051 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15052 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15053 wandelen
dutch_allwords.test.15054 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.15055 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15056 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15057 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.15058 vallen_nacht
dutch_allwords.test.15059 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15060 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15061 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.15062 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15063 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.15064 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15065 verder_gaan_(tijd)
dutch_allwords.test.15066 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15067 op_pad
dutch_allwords.test.15068 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.15069 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15070 stelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15071 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.15072 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15073 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15074 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15075 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15076 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.15077 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15078 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15079 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.15080 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15081 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15082 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.15083 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.15084 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.15085 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15086 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.15087 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15088 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15089 tegen_adv(contra)
dutch_allwords.test.15090 ingaan_reageren
dutch_allwords.test.15091 ingaan_reageren
dutch_allwords.test.15092 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15093 (n)iet(s)_geven
dutch_allwords.test.15094 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15095 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15096 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15097 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15098 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.15099 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.15100 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15101 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15102 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.15103 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.15104 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15105 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15106 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.15107 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15108 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15109 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15110 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15111 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15112 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15113 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15114 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15115 koud_fris
dutch_allwords.test.15116 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15117 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.15118 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15119 stad
dutch_allwords.test.15120 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15121 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.15122 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15123 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15124 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15125 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15126 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15127 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15128 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15129 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15130 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15131 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.15132 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15133 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15134 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15135 stad
dutch_allwords.test.15136 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15137 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15138 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15139 elk
dutch_allwords.test.15140 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.15141 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15142 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.15143 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.15144 hard_snel
dutch_allwords.test.15145 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15146 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15147 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15148 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15149 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15150 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15151 welk
dutch_allwords.test.15152 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15153 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15154 tenminste_althans
dutch_allwords.test.15155 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.15156 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15157 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15158 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15159 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15160 op_pad
dutch_allwords.test.15161 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.15162 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15163 ander
dutch_allwords.test.15164 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15165 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.15166 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15167 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15168 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15169 verder_afstand
dutch_allwords.test.15170 durven
dutch_allwords.test.15171 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15172 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15173 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15174 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15175 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15176 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15177 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.15178 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15179 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.15180 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.15181 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15182 bal_spel
dutch_allwords.test.15183 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15184 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15185 gaan_
dutch_allwords.test.15186 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15187 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.15188 ander
dutch_allwords.test.15189 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15190 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.15191 gillen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15192 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15193 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15194 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15195 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15196 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15197 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15198 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15199 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.15200 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.15201 vreemd
dutch_allwords.test.15202 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.15203 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15204 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15205 plas_water
dutch_allwords.test.15206 zout_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15207 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15208 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15209 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.15210 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15211 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15212 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15213 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15214 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.15215 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15216 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15217 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.15218 plat_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.15219 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15220 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15221 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.15222 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15223 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15224 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15225 wikkelen
dutch_allwords.test.15226 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15227 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15228 laken_N
dutch_allwords.test.15229 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15230 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15231 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15232 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15233 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15234 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15235 komen
dutch_allwords.test.15236 slaken
dutch_allwords.test.15237 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15238 kreet_N
dutch_allwords.test.15239 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.15240 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15241 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15242 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15243 reusachtig
dutch_allwords.test.15244 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.15245 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15246 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15247 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15248 reusachtig
dutch_allwords.test.15249 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.15250 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15251 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.15252 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.15253 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15254 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15255 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15256 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15257 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15258 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15259 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.15260 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15261 spreken
dutch_allwords.test.15262 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15263 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15264 schor
dutch_allwords.test.15265 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15266 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15267 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15268 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15269 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15270 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.15271 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15272 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.15273 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.15274 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15275 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15276 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15277 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15278 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15279 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.15280 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15281 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15282 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.15283 bekijken_kijken_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15284 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.15285 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15286 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15287 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15288 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15289 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15290 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15291 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15292 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15293 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15294 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15295 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15296 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15297 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15298 mij
dutch_allwords.test.15299 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15300 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15301 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15302 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15303 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15304 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15305 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.15306 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15307 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15308 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15309 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15310 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.15311 opwellen
dutch_allwords.test.15312 traan
dutch_allwords.test.15313 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15314 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15315 langs_evenwijdig
dutch_allwords.test.15316 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15317 wang
dutch_allwords.test.15318 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15319 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15320 rollen_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.15321 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.15322 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15323 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15324 plas_water
dutch_allwords.test.15325 zout_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15326 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15327 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15328 snikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.15329 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15330 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15331 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15332 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15333 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15334 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15335 zwijgen
dutch_allwords.test.15336 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.15337 gelijk_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15338 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15339 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15340 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15341 vreselijk
dutch_allwords.test.15342 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15343 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15344 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15345 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15346 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.15347 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.15348 dragen_tas
dutch_allwords.test.15349 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15350 laken_N
dutch_allwords.test.15351 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15352 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15353 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.15354 drogen_nat
dutch_allwords.test.15355 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15356 traan
dutch_allwords.test.15357 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.15358 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15359 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.15360 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15361 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15362 mij
dutch_allwords.test.15363 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15364 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.15365 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15366 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15367 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.15368 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15369 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15370 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15371 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15372 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15373 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15374 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15375 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15376 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15377 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15378 toegeven
dutch_allwords.test.15379 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15380 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.15381 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15382 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15383 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15384 hebben
dutch_allwords.test.15385 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15386 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15387 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15388 leiding_geven
dutch_allwords.test.15389 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.15390 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15391 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15392 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.15393 leiding_geven
dutch_allwords.test.15394 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.15395 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.15396 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15397 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15398 huishouden_werk
dutch_allwords.test.15399 opruimen
dutch_allwords.test.15400 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15401 wassen_schoon
dutch_allwords.test.15402 poetsen
dutch_allwords.test.15403 naaien
dutch_allwords.test.15404 lijmen_vastkleven
dutch_allwords.test.15405 herstellen_repareren
dutch_allwords.test.15406 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.15407 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15408 harken
dutch_allwords.test.15409 vegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15410 snoeien
dutch_allwords.test.15411 wieden
dutch_allwords.test.15412 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15413 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15414 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.15415 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15416 vies_smerig
dutch_allwords.test.15417 vullen
dutch_allwords.test.15418 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15419 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15420 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.15421 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15422 bad_N
dutch_allwords.test.15423 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15424 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15425 theekop
dutch_allwords.test.15426 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15427 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15428 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15429 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.15430 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.15431 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15432 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.15433 beetje_N
dutch_allwords.test.15434 hulp_helpen
dutch_allwords.test.15435 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15436 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15437 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15438 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15439 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15440 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15441 vestzak
dutch_allwords.test.15442 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15443 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.15444 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15445 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15446 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15447 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15448 houden_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.15449 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15450 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15451 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.15452 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15453 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15454 zwaar_stem
dutch_allwords.test.15455 voetstap
dutch_allwords.test.15456 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15457 af_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15458 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.15459 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15460 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15461 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.15462 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15463 op_slot
dutch_allwords.test.15464 verstoppen_verbergen
dutch_allwords.test.15465 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.15466 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15467 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.15468 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.15469 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15470 poos
dutch_allwords.test.15471 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15472 voetstap
dutch_allwords.test.15473 op_omhoog
dutch_allwords.test.15474 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15475 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15476 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15477 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15478 komen
dutch_allwords.test.15479 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.15480 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15481 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15482 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15483 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15484 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15485 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15486 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15487 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15488 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15489 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.15490 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15491 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15492 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15493 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15494 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.15495 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15496 enorm
dutch_allwords.test.15497 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.15498 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.15499 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15500 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15501 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15502 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15503 komen
dutch_allwords.test.15504 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.15505 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15506 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.15507 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15508 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15509 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15510 lukken
dutch_allwords.test.15511 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15512 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15513 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15514 ontsnappen_ontkomen
dutch_allwords.test.15515 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15516 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.15517 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15518 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15519 mij
dutch_allwords.test.15520 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15521 brengen_naartoe
dutch_allwords.test.15522 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15523 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15524 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15525 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.15526 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15527 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15528 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15529 ontbijt_N
dutch_allwords.test.15530 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15531 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.15532 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15533 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.15534 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15535 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15536 ontbijt_N
dutch_allwords.test.15537 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.15538 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.15539 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15540 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15541 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15542 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.15543 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15544 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.15545 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15546 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.15547 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15548 lezen
dutch_allwords.test.15549 brief_geschreven
dutch_allwords.test.15550 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15551 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15552 duren
dutch_allwords.test.15553 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15554 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.15555 minuut
dutch_allwords.test.15556 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15557 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15558 openen_openmaken
dutch_allwords.test.15559 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.15560 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15561 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.15562 minuut
dutch_allwords.test.15563 brief_geschreven
dutch_allwords.test.15564 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15565 vouwen
dutch_allwords.test.15566 lezen
dutch_allwords.test.15567 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15568 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15569 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15570 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15571 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15572 opening_tentoonstelling
dutch_allwords.test.15573 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15574 dragen_kleren
dutch_allwords.test.15575 oud_nieuw
dutch_allwords.test.15576 leiding_geven
dutch_allwords.test.15577 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15578 vergeten
dutch_allwords.test.15579 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15580 aankijken_bekijken
dutch_allwords.test.15581 opwinden_druk_maken
dutch_allwords.test.15582 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15583 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15584 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.15585 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15586 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15587 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15588 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15589 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.15590 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15591 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15592 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.15593 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15594 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15595 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15596 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15597 morgen_N
dutch_allwords.test.15598 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.15599 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15600 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15601 vroeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15602 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15603 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15604 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15605 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15606 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15607 volgen_achterna
dutch_allwords.test.15608 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15609 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.15610 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.15611 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.15612 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15613 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.15614 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15615 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15616 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.15617 steunen_zuchten
dutch_allwords.test.15618 hijgen
dutch_allwords.test.15619 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15620 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15621 nergens_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15622 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15623 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.15624 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15625 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15626 hollen
dutch_allwords.test.15627 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.15628 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15629 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15630 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15631 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15632 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15633 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15634 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.15635 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.15636 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.15637 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15638 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.15639 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15640 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.15641 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15642 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15643 glijden
dutch_allwords.test.15644 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15645 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15646 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15647 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15648 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15649 schommelen
dutch_allwords.test.15650 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15651 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15652 kopje_rollen
dutch_allwords.test.15653 kopje_rollen
dutch_allwords.test.15654 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15655 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15656 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15657 doordringen
dutch_allwords.test.15658 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15659 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15660 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15661 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15662 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15663 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15664 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.15665 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15666 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15667 glijden
dutch_allwords.test.15668 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15669 schommelen
dutch_allwords.test.15670 rollen_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.15671 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15672 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15673 leiden_besturen
dutch_allwords.test.15674 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15675 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15676 hoog_groot
dutch_allwords.test.15677 ladder_trap
dutch_allwords.test.15678 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.15679 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.15680 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15681 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15682 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15683 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15684 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15685 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15686 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15687 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15688 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15689 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15690 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15691 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15692 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15693 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15694 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15695 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15696 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15697 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15698 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15699 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15700 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15701 kind
dutch_allwords.test.15702 groot
dutch_allwords.test.15703 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.15704 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15705 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.15706 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15707 openen_starten
dutch_allwords.test.15708 verklaren_oorlog
dutch_allwords.test.15709 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15710 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15711 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15712 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15713 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15714 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15715 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.15716 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15717 praten
dutch_allwords.test.15718 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15719 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15720 achterblijven_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15721 achter_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15722 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.15723 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.15724 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15725 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15726 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15727 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15728 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15729 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.15730 moe_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15731 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15732 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.15733 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.15734 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15735 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15736 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15737 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15738 lukken
dutch_allwords.test.15739 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.15740 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15741 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15742 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15743 lukken
dutch_allwords.test.15744 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15745 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.15746 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15747 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.15748 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15749 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15750 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15751 meer_N
dutch_allwords.test.15752 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.15753 woest
dutch_allwords.test.15754 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15755 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15756 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15757 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15758 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15759 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15760 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.15761 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.15762 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15763 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15764 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.15765 nu_tegenwoordig
dutch_allwords.test.15766 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15767 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15768 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15769 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15770 bouwen
dutch_allwords.test.15771 woest
dutch_allwords.test.15772 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15773 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15774 echt_nietvals
dutch_allwords.test.15775 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.15776 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15777 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15778 gezelschap_samenzijn
dutch_allwords.test.15779 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15780 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15781 wagen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15782 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15783 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.15784 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15785 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15786 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15787 wegjagen
dutch_allwords.test.15788 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15789 zwaaien_heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.15790 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15791 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15792 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.15793 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15794 ophoepelen
dutch_allwords.test.15795 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15796 landrot
dutch_allwords.test.15797 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15798 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.15799 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15800 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.15801 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.15802 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15803 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.15804 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.15805 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15806 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.15807 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15808 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.15809 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15810 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15811 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.15812 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15813 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.15814 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15815 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15816 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15817 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15818 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.15819 turen
dutch_allwords.test.15820 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15821 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15822 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15823 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15824 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15825 zeeroverslied
dutch_allwords.test.15826 zitten_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15827 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15828 spelen_piano
dutch_allwords.test.15829 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15830 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15831 oud_nieuw
dutch_allwords.test.15832 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.15833 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15834 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.15835 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15836 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15837 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.15838 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15839 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15840 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15841 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15842 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.15843 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15844 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15845 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15846 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.15847 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15848 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15849 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.15850 naast_dichtbij
dutch_allwords.test.15851 haai
dutch_allwords.test.15852 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15853 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15854 komen
dutch_allwords.test.15855 als_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15856 als_de_bliksem
dutch_allwords.test.15857 als_de_bliksem
dutch_allwords.test.15858 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15859 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15860 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15861 kwaad_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15862 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15863 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15864 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15865 jongen_N
dutch_allwords.test.15866 durven
dutch_allwords.test.15867 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15868 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15869 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15870 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15871 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15872 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.15873 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.15874 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.15875 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15876 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15877 opschieten
dutch_allwords.test.15878 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15879 komen
dutch_allwords.test.15880 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.15881 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15882 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.15883 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.15884 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15885 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15886 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15887 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.15888 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15889 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.15890 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.15891 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15892 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.15893 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15894 echt_heus
dutch_allwords.test.15895 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15896 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.15897 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15898 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.15899 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.15900 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.15901 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.15902 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.15903 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15904 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.15905 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15906 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15907 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.15908 onder_tussen
dutch_allwords.test.15909 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15910 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.15911 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.15912 langs_voorbij
dutch_allwords.test.15913 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15914 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15915 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.15916 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.15917 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.15918 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15919 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.15920 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15921 grommen
dutch_allwords.test.15922 woest
dutch_allwords.test.15923 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15924 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.15925 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.15926 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.15927 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15928 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15929 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15930 af_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15931 halen_afhalen
dutch_allwords.test.15932 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15933 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15934 naast_langs
dutch_allwords.test.15935 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.15936 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.15937 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15938 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15939 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15940 mopperen
dutch_allwords.test.15941 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.15942 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15943 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15944 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15945 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.15946 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15947 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15948 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.15949 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.15950 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15951 vangen_bal
dutch_allwords.test.15952 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15953 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.15954 bekijken_kijken_naar
dutch_allwords.test.15955 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15956 kapot
dutch_allwords.test.15957 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.15958 ophoepelen
dutch_allwords.test.15959 brullen
dutch_allwords.test.15960 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.15961 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.15962 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.15963 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.15964 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.15965 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.15966 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15967 schouder_N
dutch_allwords.test.15968 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15969 mompelen
dutch_allwords.test.15970 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.15971 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.15972 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15973 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15974 liggen_horizontaal
dutch_allwords.test.15975 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.15976 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15977 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15978 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.15979 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15980 zelfgemaakt
dutch_allwords.test.15981 ding
dutch_allwords.test.15982 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.15983 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15984 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15985 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.15986 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.15987 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.15988 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.15989 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.15990 mopperen
dutch_allwords.test.15991 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.15992 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15993 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.15994 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.15995 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.15996 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.15997 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.15998 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.15999 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16000 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16001 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16002 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16003 snappen_begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.16004 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16005 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16006 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16007 cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.16008 weten
dutch_allwords.test.16009 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.16010 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16011 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16012 eens
dutch_allwords.test.16013 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16014 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.16015 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16016 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16017 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16018 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.16019 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.16020 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.16021 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16022 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16023 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16024 stok_N
dutch_allwords.test.16025 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16026 oud_nieuw
dutch_allwords.test.16027 laken_N
dutch_allwords.test.16028 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16029 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.16030 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16031 druk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16032 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16033 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.16034 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.16035 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.16036 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16037 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16038 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16039 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16040 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.16041 net_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16042 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16043 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.16044 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16045 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.16046 raden_gissen
dutch_allwords.test.16047 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16048 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16049 flauw_smaak
dutch_allwords.test.16050 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.16051 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16052 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16053 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16054 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.16055 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16056 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.16057 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16058 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16059 staart_achterste
dutch_allwords.test.16060 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16061 staart_achterste
dutch_allwords.test.16062 doen_functioneren
dutch_allwords.test.16063 hij
dutch_allwords.test.16064 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16065 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16066 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16067 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16068 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16069 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16070 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.16071 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.16072 krabben_V
dutch_allwords.test.16073 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.16074 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16075 oor_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.16076 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16077 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16078 slepen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16079 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16080 groot
dutch_allwords.test.16081 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16082 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16083 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16084 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16085 verschrikkelijk_intensifier
dutch_allwords.test.16086 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.16087 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.16088 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16089 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.16090 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16091 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16092 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16093 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16094 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16095 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16096 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16097 van_alles_en_nog_wat
dutch_allwords.test.16098 van_alles_en_nog_wat
dutch_allwords.test.16099 van_alles_en_nog_wat
dutch_allwords.test.16100 van_alles_en_nog_wat
dutch_allwords.test.16101 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16102 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.16103 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16104 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.16105 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16106 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.16107 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.16108 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.16109 weten
dutch_allwords.test.16110 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16111 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16112 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16113 tand_mond
dutch_allwords.test.16114 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16115 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16116 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16117 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.16118 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.16119 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16120 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.16121 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16122 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16123 zwaar_hevig
dutch_allwords.test.16124 storm_N
dutch_allwords.test.16125 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.16126 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16127 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16128 dwars_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16129 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16130 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16131 zeil_N
dutch_allwords.test.16132 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16133 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16134 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16135 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16136 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16137 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.16138 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16139 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16140 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16141 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16142 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16143 mij
dutch_allwords.test.16144 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.16145 dankbaar_erkentelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16146 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16147 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16148 tand_mond
dutch_allwords.test.16149 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.16150 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16151 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16152 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.16153 afbreken_slopen
dutch_allwords.test.16154 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16155 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16156 huis
dutch_allwords.test.16157 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16158 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16159 zeemeermin
dutch_allwords.test.16160 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16161 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16162 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16163 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16164 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.16165 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.16166 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16167 vissen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16168 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.16169 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.16170 glibberig
dutch_allwords.test.16171 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.16172 kist_bak
dutch_allwords.test.16173 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16174 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16175 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16176 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16177 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16178 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16179 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16180 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.16181 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16182 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16183 kunnen_moeten
dutch_allwords.test.16184 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.16185 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16186 dek_schip
dutch_allwords.test.16187 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16188 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.16189 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16190 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16191 heel_volledig
dutch_allwords.test.16192 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16193 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16194 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16195 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.16196 uitwringen
dutch_allwords.test.16197 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16198 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16199 boord_schip
dutch_allwords.test.16200 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16201 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16202 vergeten
dutch_allwords.test.16203 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16204 knijpen_nijpen
dutch_allwords.test.16205 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16206 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.16207 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.16208 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16209 stinken
dutch_allwords.test.16210 die_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16211 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.16212 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16213 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.16214 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16215 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16216 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.16217 geheim_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16218 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16219 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16220 zeerover
dutch_allwords.test.16221 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.16222 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16223 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16224 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16225 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16226 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16227 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16228 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.16229 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.16230 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16231 peuteren
dutch_allwords.test.16232 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16233 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.16234 uit_buiten
dutch_allwords.test.16235 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.16236 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16237 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16238 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16239 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.16240 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.16241 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16242 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16243 bewaken
dutch_allwords.test.16244 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16245 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16246 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16247 uur
dutch_allwords.test.16248 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16249 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16250 beest_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16251 vechten
dutch_allwords.test.16252 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16253 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.16254 zeven_7
dutch_allwords.test.16255 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.16256 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.16257 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.16258 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16259 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16260 los_vast
dutch_allwords.test.16261 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16262 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16263 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16264 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16265 ander
dutch_allwords.test.16266 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16267 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16268 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.16269 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.16270 klap_mep
dutch_allwords.test.16271 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16272 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16273 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.16274 geven_aanreiken
dutch_allwords.test.16275 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.16276 afdruipen_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.16277 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16278 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16279 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16280 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16281 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16282 vernielen
dutch_allwords.test.16283 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16284 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16285 overblijven_rest
dutch_allwords.test.16286 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16287 stuk_deel
dutch_allwords.test.16288 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16289 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16290 staart_achterste
dutch_allwords.test.16291 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16292 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.16293 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.16294 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16295 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16296 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16297 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16298 beter_goed
dutch_allwords.test.16299 plan_idee
dutch_allwords.test.16300 laten_aansporing
dutch_allwords.test.16301 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16302 als_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16303 zeil_N
dutch_allwords.test.16304 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.16305 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.16306 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16307 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.16308 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.16309 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16310 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16311 zeemeermin
dutch_allwords.test.16312 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16313 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16314 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.16315 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.16316 schat_rijkdom
dutch_allwords.test.16317 weten
dutch_allwords.test.16318 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16319 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16320 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.16321 twijfelen
dutch_allwords.test.16322 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16323 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16324 he
dutch_allwords.test.16325 landrot
dutch_allwords.test.16326 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16327 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16328 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16329 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16330 thuis_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16331 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16332 halen_afhalen
dutch_allwords.test.16333 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16334 zo_dadelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16335 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16336 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16337 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16338 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.16339 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.16340 in_de_war
dutch_allwords.test.16341 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.16342 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16343 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16344 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16345 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16346 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16347 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16348 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16349 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16350 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16351 zeggen_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.16352 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.16353 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.16354 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.16355 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16356 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16357 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16358 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16359 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16360 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16361 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16362 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.16363 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16364 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16365 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.16366 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16367 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16368 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.16369 zagen_hout
dutch_allwords.test.16370 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.16371 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16372 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16373 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16374 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16375 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.16376 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16377 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.16378 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16379 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16380 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16381 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.16382 zacht_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.16383 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16384 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16385 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.16386 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.16387 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16388 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16389 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.16390 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16391 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.16392 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16393 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16394 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16395 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16396 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16397 geven
dutch_allwords.test.16398 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16399 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16400 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.16401 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16402 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16403 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.16404 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16405 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16406 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.16407 niks_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16408 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16409 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.16410 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.16411 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16412 weten
dutch_allwords.test.16413 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16414 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16415 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.16416 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16417 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16418 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16419 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16420 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.16421 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16422 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16423 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.16424 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.16425 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16426 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16427 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16428 groot
dutch_allwords.test.16429 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16430 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16431 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16432 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.16433 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16434 vol_leeg
dutch_allwords.test.16435 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.16436 sappig_appel
dutch_allwords.test.16437 wonder_N
dutch_allwords.test.16438 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16439 verschillend
dutch_allwords.test.16440 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16441 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16442 klein
dutch_allwords.test.16443 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16444 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.16445 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16446 eekhoorn
dutch_allwords.test.16447 konijn
dutch_allwords.test.16448 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16449 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.16450 groot
dutch_allwords.test.16451 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16452 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.16453 vos
dutch_allwords.test.16454 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16455 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16456 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16457 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16458 tegenkomen
dutch_allwords.test.16459 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16460 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.16461 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16462 al_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16463 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16464 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16465 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16466 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16467 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16468 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16469 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16470 ander
dutch_allwords.test.16471 plant_N
dutch_allwords.test.16472 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16473 ander
dutch_allwords.test.16474 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16475 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16476 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16477 even_gelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16478 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16479 goed_niet_kwaad
dutch_allwords.test.16480 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16481 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16482 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16483 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16484 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16485 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16486 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16487 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16488 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16489 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16490 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16491 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.16492 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16493 klein
dutch_allwords.test.16494 troep_groep
dutch_allwords.test.16495 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16496 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16497 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.16498 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16499 vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.16500 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16501 welp
dutch_allwords.test.16502 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16503 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16504 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16505 zonnig
dutch_allwords.test.16506 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16507 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16508 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16509 koel_fris
dutch_allwords.test.16510 plek
dutch_allwords.test.16511 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16512 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16513 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.16514 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.16515 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.16516 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16517 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16518 welp
dutch_allwords.test.16519 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.16520 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16521 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16522 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.16523 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16524 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16525 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.16526 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16527 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16528 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.16529 aanspoelen
dutch_allwords.test.16530 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16531 duren
dutch_allwords.test.16532 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16533 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16534 welp
dutch_allwords.test.16535 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16536 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16537 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.16538 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.16539 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.16540 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.16541 omheen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16542 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16543 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16544 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16545 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16546 nat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16547 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16548 gezien_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16549 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16550 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16551 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16552 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16553 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16554 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16555 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.16556 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.16557 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.16558 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16559 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16560 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16561 raken_geraken
dutch_allwords.test.16562 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16563 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.16564 los_vast
dutch_allwords.test.16565 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16566 drijven_dobberen
dutch_allwords.test.16567 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16568 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16569 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16570 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.16571 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.16572 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16573 welp
dutch_allwords.test.16574 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16575 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16576 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16577 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.16578 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16579 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16580 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.16581 welp
dutch_allwords.test.16582 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16583 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.16584 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.16585 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.16586 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16587 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.16588 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16589 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16590 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.16591 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16592 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.16593 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16594 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.16595 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16596 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.16597 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.16598 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16599 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16600 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16601 heen_en_weer
dutch_allwords.test.16602 natuurlijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16603 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16604 jong_N
dutch_allwords.test.16605 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16606 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16607 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.16608 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.16609 in_de_steek_laten
dutch_allwords.test.16610 wild_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16611 blaffen
dutch_allwords.test.16612 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16613 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16614 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16615 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.16616 op_weg
dutch_allwords.test.16617 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16618 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16619 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.16620 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16621 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16622 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16623 plank
dutch_allwords.test.16624 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.16625 drijven_dobberen
dutch_allwords.test.16626 klein
dutch_allwords.test.16627 troep_groep
dutch_allwords.test.16628 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16629 weg_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16630 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16631 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16632 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16633 richting_kant
dutch_allwords.test.16634 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16635 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16636 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16637 vastlopen
dutch_allwords.test.16638 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16639 vlot_N
dutch_allwords.test.16640 vast_los
dutch_allwords.test.16641 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16642 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16643 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.16644 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.16645 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16646 kant_rand
dutch_allwords.test.16647 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16648 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.16649 voorbij_afgelopen
dutch_allwords.test.16650 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16651 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16652 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.16653 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16654 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16655 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16656 kleur_N
dutch_allwords.test.16657 troep_groep
dutch_allwords.test.16658 gans_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16659 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.16660 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16661 reis_N
dutch_allwords.test.16662 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.16663 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16664 eekhoorn
dutch_allwords.test.16665 eikel
dutch_allwords.test.16666 noot_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.16667 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.16668 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16669 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16670 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16671 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16672 zacht_kracht
dutch_allwords.test.16673 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.16674 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16675 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.16676 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.16677 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16678 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16679 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16680 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16681 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.16682 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16683 lijden_pijn
dutch_allwords.test.16684 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.16685 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16686 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.16687 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16688 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16689 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16690 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16691 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16692 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16693 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16694 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16695 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16696 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16697 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16698 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16699 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16700 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.16701 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16702 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16703 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16704 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16705 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16706 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16707 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16708 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16709 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16710 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16711 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16712 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.16713 blad_boom
dutch_allwords.test.16714 elk
dutch_allwords.test.16715 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.16716 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16717 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16718 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16719 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.16720 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16721 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16722 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16723 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.16724 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16725 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16726 raken_geraken
dutch_allwords.test.16727 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16728 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16729 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16730 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16731 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16732 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16733 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.16734 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16735 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16736 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16737 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16738 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.16739 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16740 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16741 kaal
dutch_allwords.test.16742 ander
dutch_allwords.test.16743 planteneter
dutch_allwords.test.16744 overblijven_rest
dutch_allwords.test.16745 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.16746 over_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16747 konijn
dutch_allwords.test.16748 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16749 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16750 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16751 jong_N
dutch_allwords.test.16752 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.16753 vos
dutch_allwords.test.16754 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16755 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16756 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16757 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16758 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16759 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.16760 konijn
dutch_allwords.test.16761 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16762 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16763 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16764 minder_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16765 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16766 moeten_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16767 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16768 zaad
dutch_allwords.test.16769 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.16770 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.16771 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16772 plant_N
dutch_allwords.test.16773 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16774 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16775 dood_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16776 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16777 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.16778 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.16779 jong_N
dutch_allwords.test.16780 uil
dutch_allwords.test.16781 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16782 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16783 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.16784 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16785 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.16786 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16787 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.16788 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16789 vangen_opsluiten
dutch_allwords.test.16790 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.16791 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16792 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16793 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.16794 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16795 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16796 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16797 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16798 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16799 lijden_pijn
dutch_allwords.test.16800 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.16801 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.16802 voorbij_afgelopen
dutch_allwords.test.16803 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16804 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.16805 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.16806 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.16807 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.16808 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.16809 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.16810 eekhoorn
dutch_allwords.test.16811 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.16812 last_hinder
dutch_allwords.test.16813 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16814 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16815 oprollen_rol
dutch_allwords.test.16816 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16817 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16818 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16819 nest_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.16820 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.16821 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16822 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16823 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16824 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.16825 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16826 eekhoorn
dutch_allwords.test.16827 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.16828 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16829 lijden_pijn
dutch_allwords.test.16830 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.16831 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.16832 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16833 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16834 eikel
dutch_allwords.test.16835 noot_vrucht
dutch_allwords.test.16836 verzamelen
dutch_allwords.test.16837 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16838 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16839 meest
dutch_allwords.test.16840 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16841 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16842 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16843 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.16844 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16845 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16846 vriezen
dutch_allwords.test.16847 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.16848 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16849 kraken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.16850 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16851 elk
dutch_allwords.test.16852 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.16853 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.16854 plant_N
dutch_allwords.test.16855 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16856 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16857 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16858 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16859 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16860 opeten
dutch_allwords.test.16861 plant_N
dutch_allwords.test.16862 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16863 nog_overgebleven_hoeveelheid
dutch_allwords.test.16864 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16865 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16866 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.16867 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.16868 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16869 einde
dutch_allwords.test.16870 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16871 overal_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16872 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16873 hongerig
dutch_allwords.test.16874 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16875 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16876 op_zoek
dutch_allwords.test.16877 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16878 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.16879 eetbaar
dutch_allwords.test.16880 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16881 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16882 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.16883 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16884 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16885 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.16886 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16887 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16888 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.16889 uil
dutch_allwords.test.16890 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16891 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16892 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16893 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.16894 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.16895 zwerven
dutch_allwords.test.16896 klein
dutch_allwords.test.16897 troep_groep
dutch_allwords.test.16898 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16899 uitputten_afmatten
dutch_allwords.test.16900 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16901 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16902 fijn_plezierig
dutch_allwords.test.16903 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.16904 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16905 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16906 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16907 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16908 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.16909 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.16910 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.16911 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.16912 ander
dutch_allwords.test.16913 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16914 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16915 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16916 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16917 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16918 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16919 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16920 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16921 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16922 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.16923 komen
dutch_allwords.test.16924 einde
dutch_allwords.test.16925 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16926 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16927 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.16928 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.16929 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16930 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16931 elk
dutch_allwords.test.16932 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.16933 zwak_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16934 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.16935 dier
dutch_allwords.test.16936 dood_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16937 hert
dutch_allwords.test.16938 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.16939 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.16940 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.16941 schors_N
dutch_allwords.test.16942 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16943 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.16944 eten_V
dutch_allwords.test.16945 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.16946 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.16947 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16948 dood_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16949 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16950 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16951 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16952 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.16953 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.16954 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.16955 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.16956 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.16957 eerst_aanvankelijk
dutch_allwords.test.16958 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16959 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.16960 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.16961 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16962 dun_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16963 vlies
dutch_allwords.test.16964 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.16965 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16966 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.16967 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16968 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16969 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16970 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.16971 elk
dutch_allwords.test.16972 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.16973 groot
dutch_allwords.test.16974 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.16975 op_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.16976 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16977 vriezen
dutch_allwords.test.16978 laatst_ultiem
dutch_allwords.test.16979 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16980 dicht_toe
dutch_allwords.test.16981 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.16982 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.16983 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16984 stevig_solide
dutch_allwords.test.16985 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16986 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16987 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16988 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.16989 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.16990 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16991 ijs_water
dutch_allwords.test.16992 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16993 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.16994 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.16995 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.16996 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.16997 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.16998 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.16999 honger_eetlust
dutch_allwords.test.17000 winnen_verliezen
dutch_allwords.test.17001 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17002 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.17003 keren_V
dutch_allwords.test.17004 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17005 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17006 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17007 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17008 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.17009 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.17010 rondlopen
dutch_allwords.test.17011 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.17012 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17013 zwak_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17014 ziek
dutch_allwords.test.17015 hert
dutch_allwords.test.17016 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17017 gezond
dutch_allwords.test.17018 sterk
dutch_allwords.test.17019 hert
dutch_allwords.test.17020 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17021 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17022 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.17023 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17024 komen
dutch_allwords.test.17025 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17026 einde
dutch_allwords.test.17027 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.17028 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17029 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17030 smelten
dutch_allwords.test.17031 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17032 dik_omvang
dutch_allwords.test.17033 pak_sneeuw
dutch_allwords.test.17034 sneeuw_N
dutch_allwords.test.17035 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.17036 blad_boom
dutch_allwords.test.17037 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17038 boom_N
dutch_allwords.test.17039 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17040 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17041 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17042 nieuw_ander
dutch_allwords.test.17043 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.17044 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.17045 wolf
dutch_allwords.test.17046 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.17047 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17048 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17049 hert
dutch_allwords.test.17050 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17051 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17052 hert
dutch_allwords.test.17053 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17054 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.17055 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.17056 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17057 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.17058 konijn
dutch_allwords.test.17059 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17060 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17061 jong_N
dutch_allwords.test.17062 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17063 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.17064 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17065 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17066 uil
dutch_allwords.test.17067 vos
dutch_allwords.test.17068 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17069 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17070 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17071 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.17072 tekortkomen
dutch_allwords.test.17073 tekortkomen
dutch_allwords.test.17074 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.17075 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17076 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17077 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.17078 komen
dutch_allwords.test.17079 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17080 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17081 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.17082 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17083 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.17084 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17085 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17086 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17087 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17088 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17089 dier
dutch_allwords.test.17090 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.17091 zeker
dutch_allwords.test.17092 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.17093 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17094 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.17095 vroeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17096 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17097 uitstappen
dutch_allwords.test.17098 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.17099 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17100 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17101 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17102 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.17103 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17104 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.17105 buurvrouw
dutch_allwords.test.17106 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.17107 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17108 langs_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17109 langskomen
dutch_allwords.test.17110 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17111 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.17112 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17113 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17114 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.17115 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17116 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17117 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.17118 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17119 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.17120 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17121 baby
dutch_allwords.test.17122 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.17123 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17124 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17125 buurvrouw
dutch_allwords.test.17126 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17127 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17128 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.17129 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17130 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17131 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17132 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.17133 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17134 maken_zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.17135 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17136 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17137 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17138 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17139 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17140 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.17141 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17142 italiaans
dutch_allwords.test.17143 woord
dutch_allwords.test.17144 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17145 buiten_van...leren
dutch_allwords.test.17146 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17147 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17148 leren_iets
dutch_allwords.test.17149 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17150 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.17151 maan_N
dutch_allwords.test.17152 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.17153 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17154 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17155 zo_dadelijk
dutch_allwords.test.17156 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.17157 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17158 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.17159 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.17160 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17161 door_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17162 huis_tuin_en_keuken
dutch_allwords.test.17163 huis_tuin_en_keuken
dutch_allwords.test.17164 huis_tuin_en_keuken
dutch_allwords.test.17165 huis_tuin_en_keuken
dutch_allwords.test.17166 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17167 meebrengen
dutch_allwords.test.17168 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17169 boek_N
dutch_allwords.test.17170 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17171 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.17172 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17173 moment
dutch_allwords.test.17174 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17175 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.17176 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17177 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17178 zo_dadelijk
dutch_allwords.test.17179 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17180 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17181 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17182 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17183 vleugel_vogel
dutch_allwords.test.17184 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.17185 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.17186 worden_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17187 meegesleuren
dutch_allwords.test.17188 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.17189 veld
dutch_allwords.test.17190 heuvel
dutch_allwords.test.17191 stoppen_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.17192 stop_stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.17193 pas_nogmaar
dutch_allwords.test.17194 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17195 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17196 duin
dutch_allwords.test.17197 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17198 loslaten_vasthouden
dutch_allwords.test.17199 los_vast
dutch_allwords.test.17200 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17201 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.17202 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17203 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17204 gat_billen
dutch_allwords.test.17205 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17206 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17207 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.17208 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17209 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17210 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17211 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17212 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17213 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17214 buiten_adem
dutch_allwords.test.17215 adem_N
dutch_allwords.test.17216 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.17217 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17218 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17219 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17220 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.17221 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.17222 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17223 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17224 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17225 zulk
dutch_allwords.test.17226 kort_lengte
dutch_allwords.test.17227 been
dutch_allwords.test.17228 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17229 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17230 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17231 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17232 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17233 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.17234 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.17235 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.17236 snikken_V
dutch_allwords.test.17237 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17238 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.17239 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17240 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.17241 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17242 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.17243 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17244 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17245 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17246 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.17247 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17248 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17249 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17250 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17251 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17252 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17253 ander
dutch_allwords.test.17254 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17255 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17256 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17257 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17258 meer_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17259 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.17260 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17261 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17262 zo_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.17263 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17264 verdwijnen
dutch_allwords.test.17265 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17266 opschepen
dutch_allwords.test.17267 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17268 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17269 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17270 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17271 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17272 klein
dutch_allwords.test.17273 ukkepuk
dutch_allwords.test.17274 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17275 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17276 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17277 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17278 vod
dutch_allwords.test.17279 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17280 moeder
dutch_allwords.test.17281 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17282 kind
dutch_allwords.test.17283 los_afzonderlijk
dutch_allwords.test.17284 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17285 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17286 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.17287 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17288 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17289 ukkepuk
dutch_allwords.test.17290 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.17291 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17292 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17293 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17294 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17295 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.17296 omdraaien_teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.17297 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.17298 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17299 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17300 hol_N
dutch_allwords.test.17301 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17302 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.17303 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17304 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17305 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17306 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17307 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.17308 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17309 wennen
dutch_allwords.test.17310 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17311 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17312 stinken
dutch_allwords.test.17313 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17314 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17315 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.17316 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17317 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.17318 teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.17319 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17320 verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.17321 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17322 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17323 neus_N
dutch_allwords.test.17324 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17325 richting_kant
dutch_allwords.test.17326 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17327 verdergaan
dutch_allwords.test.17328 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17329 als_zijnde
dutch_allwords.test.17330 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17331 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17332 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17333 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.17334 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.17335 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17336 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.17337 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17338 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17339 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.17340 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17341 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17342 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.17343 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.17344 buurt_nabijheid
dutch_allwords.test.17345 bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.17346 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.17347 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17348 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17349 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.17350 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17351 slepen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17352 noemen
dutch_allwords.test.17353 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17354 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.17355 waar_echt
dutch_allwords.test.17356 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17357 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.17358 in_dit(dat)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.17359 speciaal
dutch_allwords.test.17360 in_dit(dat)_geval
dutch_allwords.test.17361 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17362 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.17363 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.17364 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.17365 er_zitten_niks_anders_op
dutch_allwords.test.17366 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.17367 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17368 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17369 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.17370 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.17371 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17372 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17373 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17374 klein
dutch_allwords.test.17375 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17376 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17377 zeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.17378 genoeg_krijgen_van
dutch_allwords.test.17379 genoeg_krijgen_van
dutch_allwords.test.17380 genoeg_krijgen_van
dutch_allwords.test.17381 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.17382 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17383 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17384 aflopen_einde
dutch_allwords.test.17385 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17386 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17387 simmen
dutch_allwords.test.17388 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17389 streng_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17390 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17391 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.17392 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17393 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17394 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.17395 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17396 dapper
dutch_allwords.test.17397 dat_betr.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17398 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17399 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17400 hol_N
dutch_allwords.test.17401 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17402 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17403 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.17404 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17405 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.17406 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17407 schrikken
dutch_allwords.test.17408 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17409 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17410 laken_V
dutch_allwords.test.17411 wegtrekken
dutch_allwords.test.17412 sissen
dutch_allwords.test.17413 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.17414 meetrekken
dutch_allwords.test.17415 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17416 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17417 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17418 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17419 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17420 vertrek_kamer
dutch_allwords.test.17421 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17422 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17423 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17424 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17425 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17426 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17427 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17428 geheim_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17429 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17430 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17431 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.17432 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17433 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17434 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17435 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17436 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17437 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17438 fluisteren
dutch_allwords.test.17439 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.17440 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17441 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17442 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17443 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17444 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17445 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.17446 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.17447 als_de_dood_voor
dutch_allwords.test.17448 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17449 kat_poes
dutch_allwords.test.17450 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17451 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17452 stel_koppel
dutch_allwords.test.17453 pestkop
dutch_allwords.test.17454 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17455 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.17456 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.17457 teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.17458 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17459 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.17460 te_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.17461 te_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.17462 nemen_pakken
dutch_allwords.test.17463 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17464 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17465 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17466 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17467 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.17468 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17469 hard_zacht
dutch_allwords.test.17470 kreunen
dutch_allwords.test.17471 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.17472 zorg_probleem
dutch_allwords.test.17473 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17474 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.17475 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17476 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17477 oppassen_kinderen
dutch_allwords.test.17478 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17479 afvragen
dutch_allwords.test.17480 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17481 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17482 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17483 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17484 been
dutch_allwords.test.17485 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17486 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.17487 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17488 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17489 borrel_N
dutch_allwords.test.17490 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17491 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.17492 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17493 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17494 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.17495 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17496 kraaien_plezier
dutch_allwords.test.17497 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17498 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17499 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.17500 zo_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.17501 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17502 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17503 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17504 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17505 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17506 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17507 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17508 het_kunnen_me_(n)iet(s)_schelen
dutch_allwords.test.17509 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.17510 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.17511 weten
dutch_allwords.test.17512 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17513 ergens_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17514 kwijt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17515 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17516 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.17517 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17518 buur
dutch_allwords.test.17519 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17520 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17521 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17522 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17523 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17524 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17525 laten_achterlaten
dutch_allwords.test.17526 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17527 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17528 thuiskomen
dutch_allwords.test.17529 zo_dadelijk
dutch_allwords.test.17530 thuiskomen
dutch_allwords.test.17531 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.17532 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.17533 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17534 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17535 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.17536 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.17537 vast_al
dutch_allwords.test.17538 afgeven_overhandigen
dutch_allwords.test.17539 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.17540 fijn_plezierig
dutch_allwords.test.17541 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17542 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17543 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17544 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17545 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.17546 in_orde
dutch_allwords.test.17547 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17548 vervolgen_doorgaan
dutch_allwords.test.17549 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17550 licht_zwaar
dutch_allwords.test.17551 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17552 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17553 voorstellen_suggereren
dutch_allwords.test.17554 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17555 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17556 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17557 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.17558 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17559 aflopen_einde
dutch_allwords.test.17560 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17561 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17562 zielig
dutch_allwords.test.17563 janken
dutch_allwords.test.17564 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17565 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17566 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17567 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17568 wond_N
dutch_allwords.test.17569 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17570 schoonwassen
dutch_allwords.test.17571 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17572 meevallen
dutch_allwords.test.17573 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17574 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.17575 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17576 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.17577 komen
dutch_allwords.test.17578 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.17579 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.17580 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.17581 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17582 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.17583 er_de_pas_in_zetten
dutch_allwords.test.17584 er_de_pas_in_zetten
dutch_allwords.test.17585 stevig_solide
dutch_allwords.test.17586 er_de_pas_in_zetten
dutch_allwords.test.17587 er_de_pas_in_zetten
dutch_allwords.test.17588 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17589 wegslikken
dutch_allwords.test.17590 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17591 spijt_N
dutch_allwords.test.17592 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17593 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.17594 druppel
dutch_allwords.test.17595 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17596 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17597 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17598 op_een_drafje
dutch_allwords.test.17599 op_een_drafje
dutch_allwords.test.17600 achter_na
dutch_allwords.test.17601 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17602 na_later
dutch_allwords.test.17603 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17604 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.17605 meter_100cm
dutch_allwords.test.17606 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.17607 spoor_afdruk
dutch_allwords.test.17608 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17609 stilstaan
dutch_allwords.test.17610 stil_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.17611 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17612 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17613 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17614 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17615 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.17616 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.17617 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17618 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17619 ons_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17620 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.17621 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17622 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17623 verkeerd
dutch_allwords.test.17624 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.17625 teruggaan
dutch_allwords.test.17626 terug_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17627 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.17628 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.17629 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17630 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17631 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17632 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17633 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.17634 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17635 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.17636 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17637 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17638 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.17639 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17640 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17641 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17642 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17643 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.17644 wijs_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17645 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.17646 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.17647 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17648 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17649 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17650 kind
dutch_allwords.test.17651 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17652 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17653 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17654 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17655 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17656 uitrusten_moe
dutch_allwords.test.17657 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17658 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17659 nummer_getal
dutch_allwords.test.17660 twintig
dutch_allwords.test.17661 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17662 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17663 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17664 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.17665 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17666 goed_behoorlijk
dutch_allwords.test.17667 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17668 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.17669 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17670 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.17671 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17672 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17673 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17674 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17675 kop_drinken
dutch_allwords.test.17676 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17677 wachten_op
dutch_allwords.test.17678 maken
dutch_allwords.test.17679 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17680 zorg_probleem
dutch_allwords.test.17681 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.17682 stom_dom
dutch_allwords.test.17683 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17684 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17685 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17686 brief_geschreven
dutch_allwords.test.17687 achter_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17688 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17689 laten_achterlaten
dutch_allwords.test.17690 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.17691 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17692 hummel
dutch_allwords.test.17693 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17694 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17695 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.17696 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.17697 in_zeven_sloten_tegelijk_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17698 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17699 in_zeven_sloten_tegelijk_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17700 in_zeven_sloten_tegelijk_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17701 in_zeven_sloten_tegelijk_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17702 in_zeven_sloten_tegelijk_lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17703 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.17704 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17705 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.17706 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.17707 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17708 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.17709 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17710 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.17711 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17712 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17713 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17714 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17715 het_aan_de_stok_krijgen_met
dutch_allwords.test.17716 het_aan_de_stok_krijgen_met
dutch_allwords.test.17717 het_aan_de_stok_krijgen_met
dutch_allwords.test.17718 het_aan_de_stok_krijgen_met
dutch_allwords.test.17719 het_aan_de_stok_krijgen_met
dutch_allwords.test.17720 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17721 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17722 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.17723 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17724 verschrikkelijk_intensifier
dutch_allwords.test.17725 hedaar
dutch_allwords.test.17726 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17727 gaan
dutch_allwords.test.17728 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17729 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17730 toe_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17731 hoe_ook
dutch_allwords.test.17732 hoe_ook
dutch_allwords.test.17733 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17734 best_goed
dutch_allwords.test.17735 doen_
dutch_allwords.test.17736 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.17737 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17738 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17739 opvrolijken
dutch_allwords.test.17740 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17741 is_hij
dutch_allwords.test.17742 ontvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.17743 door_oorzaak
dutch_allwords.test.17744 kinderlokker
dutch_allwords.test.17745 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17746 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17747 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17748 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.17749 houden_hebben
dutch_allwords.test.17750 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17751 kop_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.17752 mens_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.17753 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.17754 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.17755 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.17756 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17757 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.17758 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17759 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.17760 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17761 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17762 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17763 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17764 kleinkind
dutch_allwords.test.17765 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17766 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17767 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17768 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17769 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17770 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17771 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17772 een_telwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17773 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17774 gebruiken_benutten
dutch_allwords.test.17775 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.17776 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17777 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17778 groen_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.17779 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17780 kleuren
dutch_allwords.test.17781 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.17782 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17783 mijn
dutch_allwords.test.17784 mijn
dutch_allwords.test.17785 aanpakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.17786 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17787 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.17788 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17789 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17790 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17791 zoeken
dutch_allwords.test.17792 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17793 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17794 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17795 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.17796 groot
dutch_allwords.test.17797 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17798 tring-ringng
dutch_allwords.test.17799 tring-ringng
dutch_allwords.test.17800 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.17801 hoorn_telefoon
dutch_allwords.test.17802 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17803 haak_N
dutch_allwords.test.17804 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17805 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17806 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17807 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17808 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17809 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17810 maken
dutch_allwords.test.17811 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17812 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.17813 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17814 gewoon_normaal
dutch_allwords.test.17815 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17816 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.17817 grond_bodem
dutch_allwords.test.17818 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17819 weglopen
dutch_allwords.test.17820 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17821 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17822 het
dutch_allwords.test.17823 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17824 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17825 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17826 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17827 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17828 laten_nietverhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.17829 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.17830 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17831 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17832 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.17833 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17834 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17835 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17836 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17837 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17838 namelijk_te_weten
dutch_allwords.test.17839 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.17840 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17841 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.17842 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17843 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17844 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17845 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17846 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17847 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17848 ogenblik
dutch_allwords.test.17849 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.17850 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17851 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17852 put_N
dutch_allwords.test.17853 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17854 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17855 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.17856 achter_achterkant
dutch_allwords.test.17857 klinken_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17858 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17859 klateren
dutch_allwords.test.17860 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17861 geloven_aannemen
dutch_allwords.test.17862 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.17863 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17864 vroeg_adj
dutch_allwords.test.17865 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.17866 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.17867 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17868 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17869 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17870 aantreffen
dutch_allwords.test.17871 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17872 groot
dutch_allwords.test.17873 boog_gebogen
dutch_allwords.test.17874 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.17875 om_omheen
dutch_allwords.test.17876 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17877 klimmen
dutch_allwords.test.17878 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17879 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.17880 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17881 muis_dier
dutch_allwords.test.17882 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.17883 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17884 binnen_ruimte
dutch_allwords.test.17885 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.17886 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17887 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17888 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17889 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17890 verrassen
dutch_allwords.test.17891 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.17892 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17893 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17894 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17895 sloffen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17896 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.17897 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.17898 in_een_wip
dutch_allwords.test.17899 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.17900 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17901 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17902 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17903 goed_juist
dutch_allwords.test.17904 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.17905 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17906 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17907 komen
dutch_allwords.test.17908 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.17909 vandaan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17910 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17911 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17912 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17913 spijt_N
dutch_allwords.test.17914 mij
dutch_allwords.test.17915 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17916 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17917 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17918 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.17919 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17920 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17921 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17922 erg_vervelend
dutch_allwords.test.17923 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17924 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17925 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.17926 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17927 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17928 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17929 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17930 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17931 italiaans
dutch_allwords.test.17932 woord
dutch_allwords.test.17933 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.17934 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17935 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.17936 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.17937 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17938 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17939 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.17940 weg_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17941 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17942 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17943 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17944 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17945 vogelpik
dutch_allwords.test.17946 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17947 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17948 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.17949 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.17950 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.17951 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.17952 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17953 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.17954 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.17955 lopen
dutch_allwords.test.17956 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17957 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17958 buurvrouw
dutch_allwords.test.17959 terugkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17960 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.17961 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17962 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17963 meter_100cm
dutch_allwords.test.17964 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17965 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.17966 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.17967 jullie_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17968 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17969 kruipen_voortbewegen
dutch_allwords.test.17970 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17971 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.17972 vliegen_V
dutch_allwords.test.17973 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17974 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17975 binnen_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.17976 tel_N
dutch_allwords.test.17977 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.17978 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.17979 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17980 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17981 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.17982 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.17983 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17984 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.17985 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.17986 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.17987 kloppen_juist
dutch_allwords.test.17988 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.17989 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.17990 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17991 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.17992 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.17993 nummer_getal
dutch_allwords.test.17994 twaalf
dutch_allwords.test.17995 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.17996 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.17997 doperwt
dutch_allwords.test.17998 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.17999 buiten_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18000 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18001 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18002 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18003 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18004 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.18005 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18006 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.18007 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18008 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18009 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18010 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.18011 knuffelen
dutch_allwords.test.18012 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18013 iets_beetje
dutch_allwords.test.18014 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18015 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18016 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.18017 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18018 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18019 nummer_getal
dutch_allwords.test.18020 twaalf
dutch_allwords.test.18021 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.18022 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18023 nummer_getal
dutch_allwords.test.18024 vier
dutch_allwords.test.18025 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18026 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18027 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18028 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18029 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18030 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18031 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18032 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18033 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18034 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18035 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.18036 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18037 rennen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18038 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.18039 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18040 ander
dutch_allwords.test.18041 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18042 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.18043 meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18044 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18045 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18046 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18047 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.18048 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18049 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.18050 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18051 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18052 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18053 alle
dutch_allwords.test.18054 op_(getal)_na
dutch_allwords.test.18055 vier_4
dutch_allwords.test.18056 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18057 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18058 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18059 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18060 klein
dutch_allwords.test.18061 schat_lief
dutch_allwords.test.18062 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18063 eind_goed_al_goed
dutch_allwords.test.18064 eind_goed_al_goed
dutch_allwords.test.18065 eind_goed_al_goed
dutch_allwords.test.18066 eind_goed_al_goed
dutch_allwords.test.18067 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18068 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.18069 eerst_eerste
dutch_allwords.test.18070 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.18071 buurvrouw
dutch_allwords.test.18072 kwijt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18073 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18074 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18075 onverantwoordelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18076 oppas_N
dutch_allwords.test.18077 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18078 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18079 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18080 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18081 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18082 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.18083 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18084 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18085 villen
dutch_allwords.test.18086 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18087 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18088 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18089 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18090 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18091 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18092 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.18093 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.18094 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.18095 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18096 durven
dutch_allwords.test.18097 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18098 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18099 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18100 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18101 tergen
dutch_allwords.test.18102 vergeven_zonde
dutch_allwords.test.18103 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.18104 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.18105 borrel_N
dutch_allwords.test.18106 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18107 dame_vrouw
dutch_allwords.test.18108 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.18109 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18110 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18111 borrel_N
dutch_allwords.test.18112 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18113 kwaad_N
dutch_allwords.test.18114 schuimspek
dutch_allwords.test.18115 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.18116 baby
dutch_allwords.test.18117 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18118 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.18119 snoep_N
dutch_allwords.test.18120 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.18121 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.18122 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18123 spek_N
dutch_allwords.test.18124 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18125 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.18126 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18127 binnen_de_kortste_keren
dutch_allwords.test.18128 binnen_de_kortste_keren
dutch_allwords.test.18129 binnen_de_kortste_keren
dutch_allwords.test.18130 binnen_de_kortste_keren
dutch_allwords.test.18131 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18132 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18133 raam_N
dutch_allwords.test.18134 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18135 uitvluchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.18136 buitelen
dutch_allwords.test.18137 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18138 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18139 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18140 kant_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18141 loskomen
dutch_allwords.test.18142 verhaal_N
dutch_allwords.test.18143 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.18144 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18145 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18146 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18147 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18148 meemaken
dutch_allwords.test.18149 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.18150 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18151 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.18152 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18153 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18154 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18155 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18156 zwerm_N
dutch_allwords.test.18157 hongerig
dutch_allwords.test.18158 vogel
dutch_allwords.test.18159 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18160 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18161 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18162 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.18163 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18164 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18165 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18166 ondergronds
dutch_allwords.test.18167 pestkop
dutch_allwords.test.18168 op_het_punt_staan
dutch_allwords.test.18169 op_het_punt_staan
dutch_allwords.test.18170 op_het_punt_staan
dutch_allwords.test.18171 op_het_punt_staan
dutch_allwords.test.18172 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18173 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.18174 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18175 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18176 smoren_(ver)stikken
dutch_allwords.test.18177 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.18178 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18179 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18180 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18181 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.18182 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.18183 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18184 sukkelen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18185 kind
dutch_allwords.test.18186 zoet_lief
dutch_allwords.test.18187 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.18188 kuil
dutch_allwords.test.18189 graven_V
dutch_allwords.test.18190 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18191 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.18192 onder_andere
dutch_allwords.test.18193 onder_andere
dutch_allwords.test.18194 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.18195 om_vanwege
dutch_allwords.test.18196 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18197 baby
dutch_allwords.test.18198 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.18199 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.18200 in_slaap_vallen
dutch_allwords.test.18201 voor_voordat(voegw)
dutch_allwords.test.18202 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18203 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.18204 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.18205 in_de_gaten
dutch_allwords.test.18206 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.18207 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18208 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18209 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.18210 laat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18211 hoog_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18212 hoog_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18213 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.18214 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18215 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18216 opstappen_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.18217 dag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.18218 doeg
dutch_allwords.test.18219 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.18220 tot_ziens
dutch_allwords.test.18221 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18222 volgend_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18223 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.18224 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18225 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18226 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18227 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18228 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18229 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18230 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18231 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18232 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18233 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18234 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18235 bodem_doos
dutch_allwords.test.18236 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18237 beneden_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18238 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.18239 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18240 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18241 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18242 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18243 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18244 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18245 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.18246 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.18247 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18248 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.18249 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18250 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18251 dochter
dutch_allwords.test.18252 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18253 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18254 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18255 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18256 meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18257 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18258 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18259 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18260 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18261 wereld_omgeving
dutch_allwords.test.18262 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18263 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18264 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.18265 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.18266 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18267 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18268 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18269 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.18270 over_aangaande
dutch_allwords.test.18271 vertellen
dutch_allwords.test.18272 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18273 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.18274 heen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18275 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18276 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18277 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18278 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18279 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.18280 pas_nogmaar
dutch_allwords.test.18281 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18282 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18283 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18284 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18285 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18286 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.18287 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18288 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18289 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18290 gaan_weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.18291 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18292 duwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18293 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18294 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18295 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18296 licht_zwaar
dutch_allwords.test.18297 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.18298 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18299 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.18300 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18301 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18302 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.18303 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18304 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18305 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18306 maan_N
dutch_allwords.test.18307 schijnen_zww
dutch_allwords.test.18308 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.18309 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18310 zijn_ogen_uitkijken
dutch_allwords.test.18311 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18312 zijn_ogen_uitkijken
dutch_allwords.test.18313 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18314 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18315 varen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18316 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18317 over_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18318 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18319 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18320 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18321 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18322 wind_N
dutch_allwords.test.18323 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18324 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18325 boord_schip
dutch_allwords.test.18326 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18327 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18328 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18329 dek_schip
dutch_allwords.test.18330 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18331 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18332 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18333 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18334 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18335 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.18336 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18337 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18338 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.18339 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18340 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18341 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18342 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18343 knap_mooi
dutch_allwords.test.18344 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18345 lang_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18346 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.18347 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18348 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18349 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18350 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.18351 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18352 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18353 boord_schip
dutch_allwords.test.18354 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18355 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18356 licht_lamp
dutch_allwords.test.18357 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18358 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18359 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18360 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18361 knap_mooi
dutch_allwords.test.18362 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18363 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18364 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18365 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.18366 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.18367 terug_weer
dutch_allwords.test.18368 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18369 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.18370 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18371 liever_graag
dutch_allwords.test.18372 blijven_aanwezig
dutch_allwords.test.18373 wereld_omgeving
dutch_allwords.test.18374 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18375 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.18376 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18377 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18378 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18379 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18380 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18381 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18382 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18383 bodem_doos
dutch_allwords.test.18384 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18385 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18386 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.18387 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18388 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18389 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18390 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18391 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.18392 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.18393 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18394 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18395 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.18396 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.18397 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18398 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18399 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18400 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18401 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18402 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18403 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.18404 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18405 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18406 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18407 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18408 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18409 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18410 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18411 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18412 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.18413 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18414 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18415 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.18416 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18417 staart_dier
dutch_allwords.test.18418 lelijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18419 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.18420 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18421 been
dutch_allwords.test.18422 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18423 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.18424 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18425 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18426 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18427 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18428 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.18429 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18430 verlangen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18431 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18432 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18433 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.18434 weten
dutch_allwords.test.18435 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18436 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.18437 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.18438 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18439 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18440 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.18441 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18442 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18443 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18444 meegaan
dutch_allwords.test.18445 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18446 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18447 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18448 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18449 moeten_willen
dutch_allwords.test.18450 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.18451 laten_veroorzaken
dutch_allwords.test.18452 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18453 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.18454 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18455 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.18456 liggen_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18457 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18458 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18459 wonen
dutch_allwords.test.18460 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18461 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18462 duiken
dutch_allwords.test.18463 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18464 onder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18465 achterblijven_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18466 achter_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18467 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18468 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18469 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18470 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18471 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18472 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18473 waar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18474 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18475 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18476 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.18477 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18478 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.18479 man_kerel
dutch_allwords.test.18480 schreeuwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18481 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.18482 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18483 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18484 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18485 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18486 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18487 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18488 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18489 stormen_waaien
dutch_allwords.test.18490 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18491 ineens_plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.18492 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.18493 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18494 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18495 hoog_groot
dutch_allwords.test.18496 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18497 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.18498 omslaan_boot
dutch_allwords.test.18499 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18500 duiken_omlaag
dutch_allwords.test.18501 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18502 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18503 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18504 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18505 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18506 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.18507 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.18508 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18509 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.18510 rond_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18511 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18512 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18513 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18514 boot
dutch_allwords.test.18515 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18516 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18517 hoog_groot
dutch_allwords.test.18518 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.18519 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18520 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18521 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18522 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18523 wal_waterkant
dutch_allwords.test.18524 roeien
dutch_allwords.test.18525 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.18526 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.18527 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.18528 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18529 riem_roeispaan
dutch_allwords.test.18530 ineens_plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.18531 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18532 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18533 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18534 optillen
dutch_allwords.test.18535 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18536 boot
dutch_allwords.test.18537 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18538 hoog_van_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.18539 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18540 slaan
dutch_allwords.test.18541 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18542 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18543 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18544 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.18545 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18546 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18547 wit_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18548 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18549 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18550 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.18551 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18552 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.18553 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18554 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18555 diep_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18556 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18557 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18558 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18559 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18560 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18561 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.18562 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18563 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18564 omslaan_boot
dutch_allwords.test.18565 boot
dutch_allwords.test.18566 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18567 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.18568 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18569 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18570 bewegen_verplaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.18571 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18572 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18573 pakken_nemen
dutch_allwords.test.18574 onder_beneden
dutch_allwords.test.18575 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18576 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.18577 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18578 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.18579 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.18580 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18581 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18582 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18583 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18584 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18585 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.18586 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18587 leven_V
dutch_allwords.test.18588 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.18589 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18590 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18591 zwaar_gewicht
dutch_allwords.test.18592 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18593 klein
dutch_allwords.test.18594 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18595 trekken_touw
dutch_allwords.test.18596 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18597 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18598 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18599 strijken_wrijven
dutch_allwords.test.18600 over_overheen
dutch_allwords.test.18601 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18602 nat_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18603 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.18604 kussen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18605 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18606 zingen
dutch_allwords.test.18607 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18608 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18609 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18610 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.18611 klok_bel
dutch_allwords.test.18612 luiden_klok
dutch_allwords.test.18613 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18614 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18615 meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18616 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18617 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18618 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18619 duiken_omlaag
dutch_allwords.test.18620 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18621 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18622 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18623 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18624 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18625 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18626 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18627 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18628 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18629 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18630 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18631 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.18632 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.18633 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18634 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.18635 open_dicht
dutch_allwords.test.18636 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18637 zuchten_V
dutch_allwords.test.18638 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.18639 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.18640 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18641 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18642 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18643 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18644 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.18645 been
dutch_allwords.test.18646 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18647 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18648 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18649 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18650 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18651 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18652 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18653 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.18654 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18655 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18656 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18657 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.18658 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18659 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.18660 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.18661 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18662 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18663 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.18664 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.18665 heksen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18666 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.18667 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18668 helpen_bijstaan
dutch_allwords.test.18669 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.18670 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18671 gemeen_oneerlijk
dutch_allwords.test.18672 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18673 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18674 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18675 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18676 weten
dutch_allwords.test.18677 voor_doel
dutch_allwords.test.18678 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18679 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18680 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18681 kwijt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18682 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.18683 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.18684 in_plaats_van
dutch_allwords.test.18685 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18686 been
dutch_allwords.test.18687 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18688 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18689 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18690 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.18691 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.18692 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.18693 vlak_adv(onmiddellijk)
dutch_allwords.test.18694 voor_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18695 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18696 staan_overeind
dutch_allwords.test.18697 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18698 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18699 hoor_tussenw
dutch_allwords.test.18700 lief_N
dutch_allwords.test.18701 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18702 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18703 mij
dutch_allwords.test.18704 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18705 mij
dutch_allwords.test.18706 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18707 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18708 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18709 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.18710 nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.18711 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.18712 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18713 even_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18714 na_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18715 toen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18716 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18717 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18718 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.18719 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18720 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18721 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.18722 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.18723 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18724 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.18725 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18726 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18727 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18728 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.18729 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18730 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18731 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18732 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18733 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.18734 klaarmaken
dutch_allwords.test.18735 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18736 vies_smaak
dutch_allwords.test.18737 drank_drinkbaars
dutch_allwords.test.18738 klaar_gereed
dutch_allwords.test.18739 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.18740 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.18741 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18742 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18743 mens_wezen
dutch_allwords.test.18744 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.18745 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18746 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18747 terugkomen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18748 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.18749 daar_er
dutch_allwords.test.18750 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.18751 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18752 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.18753 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18754 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18755 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18756 heks_N
dutch_allwords.test.18757 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18758 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18759 gemeen_oneerlijk
dutch_allwords.test.18760 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.18761 je_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18762 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.18763 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.18764 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18765 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18766 schuim_N
dutch_allwords.test.18767 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18768 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.18769 grissen
dutch_allwords.test.18770 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18771 fles_N
dutch_allwords.test.18772 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18773 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.18774 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18775 boven_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18776 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18777 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18778 strand_N
dutch_allwords.test.18779 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18780 drinken_V
dutch_allwords.test.18781 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18782 drank_drinkbaars
dutch_allwords.test.18783 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18784 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18785 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18786 vallen_op_de_grond
dutch_allwords.test.18787 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18788 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18789 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18790 vinden_terug
dutch_allwords.test.18791 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18792 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18793 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18794 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18795 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18796 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18797 been
dutch_allwords.test.18798 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18799 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.18800 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.18801 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18802 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18803 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.18804 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18805 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18806 klein
dutch_allwords.test.18807 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18808 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18809 al_ookal
dutch_allwords.test.18810 doen_
dutch_allwords.test.18811 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18812 voet_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.18813 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18814 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18815 warm_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18816 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18817 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18818 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.18819 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18820 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.18821 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18822 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18823 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18824 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18825 ieder
dutch_allwords.test.18826 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18827 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18828 elk
dutch_allwords.test.18829 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18830 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.18831 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18832 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18833 lijken_op
dutch_allwords.test.18834 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18835 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18836 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18837 eens_ooit
dutch_allwords.test.18838 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18839 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18840 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18841 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.18842 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18843 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18844 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18845 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18846 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18847 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18848 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18849 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18850 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18851 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.18852 erg_heel
dutch_allwords.test.18853 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.18854 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.18855 gaan_verlopen
dutch_allwords.test.18856 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18857 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18858 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.18859 voorbij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18860 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.18861 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18862 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18863 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18864 aankomen_arriveren
dutch_allwords.test.18865 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18866 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18867 uitstappen
dutch_allwords.test.18868 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18869 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18870 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18871 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18872 knap_mooi
dutch_allwords.test.18873 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18874 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18875 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18876 uit_afkomstig
dutch_allwords.test.18877 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18878 land_staat
dutch_allwords.test.18879 zij_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18880 komen
dutch_allwords.test.18881 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18882 op_bezoek
dutch_allwords.test.18883 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18884 hopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18885 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.18886 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18887 leuk_aangenaam
dutch_allwords.test.18888 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.18889 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.18890 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18891 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.18892 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18893 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18894 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.18895 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18896 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18897 blauw
dutch_allwords.test.18898 oog_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.18899 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18900 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18901 uitroepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18902 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18903 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.18904 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.18905 verdrinken
dutch_allwords.test.18906 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.18907 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18908 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18909 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18910 alleen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18911 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18912 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18913 die_aanw.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18914 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.18915 trouwen_V
dutch_allwords.test.18916 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18917 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18918 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18919 klok_bel
dutch_allwords.test.18920 luiden_klok
dutch_allwords.test.18921 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18922 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.18923 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18924 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18925 vast_zeker
dutch_allwords.test.18926 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.18927 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.18928 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18929 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.18930 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18931 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18932 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18933 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.18934 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18935 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18936 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.18937 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18938 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18939 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18940 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.18941 breken_kapot
dutch_allwords.test.18942 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18943 verdriet_N
dutch_allwords.test.18944 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.18945 hebben_bezitten
dutch_allwords.test.18946 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18947 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18948 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.18949 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.18950 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18951 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18952 kwijt_adj
dutch_allwords.test.18953 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18954 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.18955 mijn_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.18956 leven_het
dutch_allwords.test.18957 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.18958 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18959 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18960 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18961 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18962 vieren_feest
dutch_allwords.test.18963 dansen_muziek
dutch_allwords.test.18964 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.18965 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.18966 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.18967 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.18968 's_nachts
dutch_allwords.test.18969 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18970 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18971 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18972 dek_schip
dutch_allwords.test.18973 morgen_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18974 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.18975 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18976 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.18977 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.18978 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.18979 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.18980 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18981 schuim_N
dutch_allwords.test.18982 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18983 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.18984 ineens_plotseling
dutch_allwords.test.18985 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.18986 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18987 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.18988 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.18989 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18990 uitsteken
dutch_allwords.test.18991 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.18992 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.18993 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.18994 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18995 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.18996 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.18997 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.18998 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.18999 steken_prikken
dutch_allwords.test.19000 dood_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19001 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19002 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.19003 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19004 opgaan_zon
dutch_allwords.test.19005 zus_meisje
dutch_allwords.test.19006 zwemmen
dutch_allwords.test.19007 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19008 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19009 mee_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19010 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.19011 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19012 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19013 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19014 jouw_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19015 been
dutch_allwords.test.19016 komen
dutch_allwords.test.19017 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.19018 krijgen
dutch_allwords.test.19019 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19020 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19021 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.19022 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.19023 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19024 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19025 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19026 aannemen_accepteren
dutch_allwords.test.19027 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19028 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19029 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19030 teen
dutch_allwords.test.19031 sluipen
dutch_allwords.test.19032 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19033 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19034 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19035 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19036 wat_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19037 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19038 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19039 gelukkig_blij
dutch_allwords.test.19040 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19041 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19042 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.19043 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19044 redden_leven
dutch_allwords.test.19045 kunnen_vaardigheid
dutch_allwords.test.19046 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19047 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19048 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19049 liefde_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.19050 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19051 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19052 te_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19053 gooien_V
dutch_allwords.test.19054 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19055 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19056 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.19057 springen_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19058 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.19059 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19060 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.19061 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19062 schuim_N
dutch_allwords.test.19063 opgaan_in
dutch_allwords.test.19064 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19065 opkomen_omhoog
dutch_allwords.test.19066 zon_N
dutch_allwords.test.19067 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19068 straal_licht
dutch_allwords.test.19069 schijnen_zww
dutch_allwords.test.19070 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19071 golf_water
dutch_allwords.test.19072 zweven
dutch_allwords.test.19073 lucht_hemel
dutch_allwords.test.19074 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19075 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19076 mogen_toegestaan
dutch_allwords.test.19077 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19078 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.19079 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19080 nog_steeds
dutch_allwords.test.19081 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19082 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19083 groot
dutch_allwords.test.19084 zee_water
dutch_allwords.test.19085 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.19086 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19087 staren
dutch_allwords.test.19088 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19089 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.19090 nergens_niets
dutch_allwords.test.19091 naar_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19092 afvragen
dutch_allwords.test.19093 af_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19094 nog_opnieuw
dutch_allwords.test.19095 pannekoek
dutch_allwords.test.19096 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.19097 lachen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19098 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19099 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19100 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19101 stil_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.19102 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19103 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.19104 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.19105 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19106 liever_graag
dutch_allwords.test.19107 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19108 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19109 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19110 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19111 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.19112 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19113 komen
dutch_allwords.test.19114 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19115 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.19116 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19117 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19118 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19119 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19120 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19121 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19122 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19123 doodgaan
dutch_allwords.test.19124 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19125 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19126 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19127 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19128 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.19129 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19130 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19131 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19132 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19133 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19134 betekenen_aanduiden
dutch_allwords.test.19135 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19136 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19137 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19138 heel_erg
dutch_allwords.test.19139 moeilijk_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19140 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19141 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19142 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19143 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19144 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19145 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19146 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19147 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19148 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19149 juist_net
dutch_allwords.test.19150 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19151 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19152 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19153 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19154 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19155 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19156 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.19157 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19158 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19159 vreemd
dutch_allwords.test.19160 stem_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19161 zijn_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19162 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.19163 niets_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19164 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19165 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.19166 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19167 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19168 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19169 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.19170 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19171 geven_aanreiken
dutch_allwords.test.19172 antwoord_N
dutch_allwords.test.19173 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19174 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19175 (n)iets_hebben_aan
dutch_allwords.test.19176 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19177 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19178 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19179 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19180 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19181 beginnen
dutch_allwords.test.19182 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.19183 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19184 schemeren_donker
dutch_allwords.test.19185 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19186 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19187 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19188 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.19189 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19190 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19191 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19192 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19193 licht_lamp
dutch_allwords.test.19194 aandoen_licht
dutch_allwords.test.19195 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19196 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19197 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19198 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19199 mij
dutch_allwords.test.19200 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19201 mooi_lelijk
dutch_allwords.test.19202 denken_nadenken
dutch_allwords.test.19203 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19204 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19205 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19206 licht_lamp
dutch_allwords.test.19207 aan_in_werking
dutch_allwords.test.19208 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19209 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19210 donker_duister
dutch_allwords.test.19211 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19212 houden_van
dutch_allwords.test.19213 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19214 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19215 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19216 schemerig
dutch_allwords.test.19217 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19218 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19219 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19220 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19221 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19222 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19223 licht_lamp
dutch_allwords.test.19224 aansteken_licht
dutch_allwords.test.19225 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19226 eten_N
dutch_allwords.test.19227 poes
dutch_allwords.test.19228 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19229 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19230 vakantieplan
dutch_allwords.test.19231 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.19232 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19233 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19234 belangrijk_betekenisvol
dutch_allwords.test.19235 vinden_mening
dutch_allwords.test.19236 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19237 stil_beweging
dutch_allwords.test.19238 voor_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19239 blijven_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19240 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.19241 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19242 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19243 groot
dutch_allwords.test.19244 achterlaten
dutch_allwords.test.19245 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19246 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19247 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19248 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.19249 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19250 doen_uitvoeren
dutch_allwords.test.19251 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19252 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19253 wachten_V
dutch_allwords.test.19254 tot_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19255 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19256 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19257 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19258 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19259 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19260 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19261 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19262 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19263 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19264 gaan_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19265 al_onbep.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19266 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19267 lievelingsknuffel
dutch_allwords.test.19268 mee_gaan
dutch_allwords.test.19269 slapen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19270 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.19271 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19272 zwart_kleur
dutch_allwords.test.19273 pluche
dutch_allwords.test.19274 aap
dutch_allwords.test.19275 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19276 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19277 gek_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19278 snuit_N
dutch_allwords.test.19279 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19280 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19281 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19282 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.19283 stoppen_in
dutch_allwords.test.19284 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19285 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19286 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19287 aap
dutch_allwords.test.19288 letten_op
dutch_allwords.test.19289 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.19290 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19291 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19292 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19293 monster_griezel
dutch_allwords.test.19294 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19295 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.19296 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19297 zorgen_voor
dutch_allwords.test.19298 rekenen_op
dutch_allwords.test.19299 opwinden_horloge
dutch_allwords.test.19300 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19301 mechaniek
dutch_allwords.test.19302 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19303 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19304 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19305 maken_vervaardigen
dutch_allwords.test.19306 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19307 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19308 hoofd_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.19309 schudden
dutch_allwords.test.19310 heten_naam
dutch_allwords.test.19311 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.19312 elk
dutch_allwords.test.19313 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19314 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19315 tegen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19316 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19317 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19318 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19319 bed_slaapplaats
dutch_allwords.test.19320 dan_daarna
dutch_allwords.test.19321 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.19322 achteruit_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19323 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19324 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19325 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19326 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19327 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19328 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19329 lip
dutch_allwords.test.19330 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19331 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19332 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19333 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19334 lievelingsknuffel
dutch_allwords.test.19335 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19336 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19337 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.19338 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.19339 brengen_aanzetten_tot
dutch_allwords.test.19340 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19341 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19342 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19343 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.19344 haar_pers.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19345 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19346 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19347 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19348 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19349 kunnen_mogelijkheid
dutch_allwords.test.19350 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19351 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19352 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19353 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19354 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.19355 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.19356 dag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.19357 dag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.19358 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19359 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.19360 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19361 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19362 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19363 wat_watje
dutch_allwords.test.19364 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19365 verliezen_kwijt
dutch_allwords.test.19366 lopen_voet
dutch_allwords.test.19367 uitsteken
dutch_allwords.test.19368 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19369 arm_lichaamsdeel
dutch_allwords.test.19370 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19371 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.19372 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19373 komen
dutch_allwords.test.19374 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19375 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19376 maar_slechts
dutch_allwords.test.19377 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19378 schaduw_N
dutch_allwords.test.19379 maar_doch
dutch_allwords.test.19380 weten
dutch_allwords.test.19381 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19382 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19383 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19384 dag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.19385 dag_groet
dutch_allwords.test.19386 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.19387 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19388 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19389 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19390 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19391 wakker_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.19392 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19393 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19394 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19395 straat_weg
dutch_allwords.test.19396 horen_luisteren
dutch_allwords.test.19397 melk_N
dutch_allwords.test.19398 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19399 geluid_N
dutch_allwords.test.19400 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19401 alleen_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19402 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19403 wereld_aarde
dutch_allwords.test.19404 wanen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19405 in_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19406 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19407 droom_slaap
dutch_allwords.test.19408 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19409 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19410 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19411 school_onderwijs
dutch_allwords.test.19412 ander
dutch_allwords.test.19413 leerling
dutch_allwords.test.19414 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19415 rustig
dutch_allwords.test.19416 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.19417 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19418 juffrouw
dutch_allwords.test.19419 strelen
dutch_allwords.test.19420 zacht_kracht
dutch_allwords.test.19421 door_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19422 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19423 haar_N
dutch_allwords.test.19424 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.19425 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19426 les_leerstof
dutch_allwords.test.19427 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19428 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19429 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19430 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19431 ook_eveneens
dutch_allwords.test.19432 verlopen_verstrijken
dutch_allwords.test.19433 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19434 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19435 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19436 kind
dutch_allwords.test.19437 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19438 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19439 spelen_spel
dutch_allwords.test.19440 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19441 roepen_geluid
dutch_allwords.test.19442 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19443 voelen
dutch_allwords.test.19444 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.19445 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19446 vriendin
dutch_allwords.test.19447 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19448 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19449 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19450 zonder_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19451 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19452 toen_voegw
dutch_allwords.test.19453 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.19454 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19455 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19456 hebben_
dutch_allwords.test.19457 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.19458 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19459 tijd_klok
dutch_allwords.test.19460 geven_cadeau
dutch_allwords.test.19461 antwoorden_V
dutch_allwords.test.19462 willen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19463 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19464 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19465 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.19466 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19467 paar_enige
dutch_allwords.test.19468 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19469 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19470 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19471 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19472 natuurlijk_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19473 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19474 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19475 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19476 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19477 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19478 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19479 weten
dutch_allwords.test.19480 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19481 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19482 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19483 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19484 meer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19485 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19486 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19487 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19488 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19489 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19490 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19491 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19492 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19493 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19494 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19495 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.19496 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19497 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19498 pappa
dutch_allwords.test.19499 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19500 leggen_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.19501 vragen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19502 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19503 meegaan
dutch_allwords.test.19504 geven_aanreiken
dutch_allwords.test.19505 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19506 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19507 zoen_N
dutch_allwords.test.19508 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19509 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19510 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19511 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19512 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19513 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19514 idee_inval
dutch_allwords.test.19515 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19516 al_reeds
dutch_allwords.test.19517 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19518 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19519 zitten
dutch_allwords.test.19520 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19521 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19522 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.19523 hen_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19524 naast_dichtbij
dutch_allwords.test.19525 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19526 buigen_krommen
dutch_allwords.test.19527 rug_lichaam
dutch_allwords.test.19528 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19529 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19530 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19531 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19532 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19533 weggaan
dutch_allwords.test.19534 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19535 er...uitzien
dutch_allwords.test.19536 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19537 uit_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19538 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19539 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19540 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19541 jong_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19542 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19543 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.19544 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19545 lijken_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19546 oud_jong
dutch_allwords.test.19547 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.19548 proberen
dutch_allwords.test.19549 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19550 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19551 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19552 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19553 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19554 als_zoals
dutch_allwords.test.19555 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19556 herinnering_gedachte
dutch_allwords.test.19557 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19558 goed_ok
dutch_allwords.test.19559 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.19560 doen_maken_dat
dutch_allwords.test.19561 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19562 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19563 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19564 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.19565 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19566 kast_opbergplaats
dutch_allwords.test.19567 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19568 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19569 zien_oog
dutch_allwords.test.19570 kijken
dutch_allwords.test.19571 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19572 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19573 allermooist
dutch_allwords.test.19574 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19575 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19576 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19577 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19578 bij_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19579 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19580 lip
dutch_allwords.test.19581 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19582 huilen_tranen
dutch_allwords.test.19583 hebben_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19584 mij
dutch_allwords.test.19585 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19586 meenemen
dutch_allwords.test.19587 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.19588 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19589 komen
dutch_allwords.test.19590 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19591 binnen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19592 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.19593 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19594 meteen_direct
dutch_allwords.test.19595 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.19596 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19597 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19598 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.19599 aan_de_hand
dutch_allwords.test.19600 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19601 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19602 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19603 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19604 somber
dutch_allwords.test.19605 plaats_plek
dutch_allwords.test.19606 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19607 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19608 kind
dutch_allwords.test.19609 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19610 troosten
dutch_allwords.test.19611 mij
dutch_allwords.test.19612 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19613 om_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19614 daar_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19615 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19616 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19617 hoeven_V
dutch_allwords.test.19618 niet_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19619 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19620 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19621 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19622 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19623 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.19624 aan_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19625 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19626 denken_aan
dutch_allwords.test.19627 die_betr.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19628 sterven
dutch_allwords.test.19629 zijn_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19630 weten
dutch_allwords.test.19631 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19632 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19633 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.19634 voorstellen_suggereren
dutch_allwords.test.19635 zeggen_praten
dutch_allwords.test.19636 iets_ding
dutch_allwords.test.19637 als_indien
dutch_allwords.test.19638 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19639 in_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19640 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.19641 op_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19642 klein
dutch_allwords.test.19643 tafel_eten
dutch_allwords.test.19644 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19645 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19646 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19647 hart_orgaan
dutch_allwords.test.19648 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19649 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19650 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19651 om_doel
dutch_allwords.test.19652 van_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19653 kamer_huis
dutch_allwords.test.19654 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19655 ander
dutch_allwords.test.19656 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19657 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19658 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19659 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19660 als_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19661 dan_tijd
dutch_allwords.test.19662 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19663 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19664 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19665 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19666 ons_pers.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19667 meegaan
dutch_allwords.test.19668 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19669 blijven_hww
dutch_allwords.test.19670 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19671 geheim_N
dutch_allwords.test.19672 tussen_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19673 wat_vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19674 denken_menen
dutch_allwords.test.19675 moeten_verplicht
dutch_allwords.test.19676 ook_bovendien
dutch_allwords.test.19677 voor_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19678 zorgen_dat
dutch_allwords.test.19679 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19680 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19681 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19682 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19683 zijn_bez.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19684 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19685 op_moment
dutch_allwords.test.19686 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19687 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.19688 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19689 verwonderen
dutch_allwords.test.19690 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.19691 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19692 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19693 laten_niet_verhinderen
dutch_allwords.test.19694 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19695 ander
dutch_allwords.test.19696 keer_maal
dutch_allwords.test.19697 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19698 gewoon_zonder_meer
dutch_allwords.test.19699 vers_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19700 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19701 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19702 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19703 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.19704 enkel_een_paar
dutch_allwords.test.19705 dag_etmaal
dutch_allwords.test.19706 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19707 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19708 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19709 staan_bevinden
dutch_allwords.test.19710 hopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19711 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19712 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19713 gebeuren_V
dutch_allwords.test.19714 lief_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19715 schat_lief
dutch_allwords.test.19716 hopen_V
dutch_allwords.test.19717 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19718 snel_vlug
dutch_allwords.test.19719 vergeten
dutch_allwords.test.19720 bloem_plant
dutch_allwords.test.19721 bij_plaats
dutch_allwords.test.19722 te_voorz
dutch_allwords.test.19723 zetten_plaatsen
dutch_allwords.test.19724 want_voegwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19725 dat_aanw.vnw
dutch_allwords.test.19726 betekenen_aanduiden
dutch_allwords.test.19727 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19728 minder_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19729 hard_krachtig
dutch_allwords.test.19730 missen_gevoel
dutch_allwords.test.19731 dan_vergelijking
dutch_allwords.test.19732 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19733 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19734 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19735 merken_bespeuren
dutch_allwords.test.19736 ding_N
dutch_allwords.test.19737 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19738 een_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19739 beetje_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19740 worden_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19741 vroeger_lang_geleden
dutch_allwords.test.19742 voor_mbt
dutch_allwords.test.19743 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19744 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19745 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19746 zo_manier
dutch_allwords.test.19747 zijn_kww
dutch_allwords.test.19748 minder_adj
dutch_allwords.test.19749 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19750 het_lidwoord
dutch_allwords.test.19751 gaan_naar
dutch_allwords.test.19752 begrijpen
dutch_allwords.test.19753 het_pronomen
dutch_allwords.test.19754 haar_bez.vnw.
dutch_allwords.test.19755 gezicht_hoofd
dutch_allwords.test.19756 opklaren
dutch_allwords.test.19757 op_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19758 glimlachen
dutch_allwords.test.19759 naar_richting
dutch_allwords.test.19760 nu_nou
dutch_allwords.test.19761 weten
dutch_allwords.test.19762 dat_voegw.
dutch_allwords.test.19763 weer_adv
dutch_allwords.test.19764 pannekoek
dutch_allwords.test.19765 zullen
dutch_allwords.test.19766 bakken_warm
dutch_allwords.test.19767 met_prepositie
dutch_allwords.test.19768 net_precies
dutch_allwords.test.19769 vroeger_lang_geleden
